{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 e Cestui Que Vie Trust\par
Courts, Names and the Cestui Que Vie Trust\par
\par
My position on going to court has always been: never voluntarily go to court. Live men and women are not meant to be in any place designed solely for the business of fictional entities. When we attend court, we are deemed dead, in fact, they cannot deal with us until we admit to being dead\'85.a legal fiction\'85.a trust. Court is for titled persons: judge, prosecutor, defendant, bailiffs, cops, and attorneys. Live men and women are not recognized, so it makes sense to send in a dead person\endash\endash an attorney\endash\endash to handle our cases \'85. except for one thing: they do not know how the system works, due to their indoctrination. If you can find one to do as you say, then you will prevail, but most of them would rather hang onto their BAR cards than behave honourably. The only thing that dead, fictional entities want from us is our life energy, and the only way they can get it is by our agreement. Without us, they cannot function, so, they are desperate to get us into court, to have us pay the debt which they created by charging the trust.\par
\par
Since common law courts no longer exist, we know that the case never has anything to do with \ldblquote facts\rdblquote  or live men and women and so, anyone who testifies (talks about the facts of the case) is doomed. ALL courts operate in trust law, based upon ecclesiastical canon law\endash\endash  ritualism, superstition, satanism, etc.\endash\endash which manifests as insidious, commercial law and we are in court to take the hit, if they can get us to do so. They use every trick in the book\endash\endash intimidation, fear, threat, ridicule, rage, and even recesses, in order to change the jurisdiction, when they know they are losing, in order to make us admit that we are the name of the trust. When we do so, we are deemed to be the trustee\endash\endash the one liable for administering the trust. Ergo, until now, it has been a waste of our time, energy, and emotion to go to a place where it is almost certain that we will be stuck with the liability.\par
\par
We all know from our indoctrination, programming, and schooling that judges are impartial and have sworn an oath to this effect. This means he must not favour either plaintiff or defendant. But, our experience reveals that he does, indeed, favour the plaintiff, indicating a glaring conflict of interest\endash\endash that the prosecutor, judge, and clerk all work for the state\endash\endash the owner of the CQV trust. So, as the case is NOT about \ldblquote justice\rdblquote , it must be about the administration of a trust. They all represent the trust owned by the state and, if we are beneficiary, the only two positions left are Trustee and Executor. So, if you detect the judge\rquote s partiality, although I doubt the case will get this far, you might just want to let them know that you know this.\par
\par
If you consider court as entertainment and if you can stand the evil emanating from its officers, the fear and angst oozing from the walls, and the treacherous atmosphere, then go, knowing that under trust law we cannot be the trustee or the executor of a trust, whilst being beneficiary, as that would be a conflict. The position of beneficiary may lack clout, but the other positions hold liability. Since state employees want to be the beneficiaries of the trust, the only way they can do so is to transfer, to us, the liability which they hold, as trustees and executors, because they also cannot be both the administrators and beneficiary of the trust. So, trusteeship and executorship, i.e.: suretyship, becomes a hot potato and everyone wants to toss it so s/he can be beneficiary of the credit from the trust.\par
\par
When we were born, a trust, called a Cestui Que Vie Trust (\ldblquote CQV\rdblquote ) was set-up, for our benefit. Evidence of this is the birth certificate. But what is the value which must be conveyed to the trust, in order to create it? It was our right to property (via Birth into this world), our body (via the Live Birth Record), and our souls (via Baptism). Since the state/province which registered the trust is the owner, it is also the trustee\'85. the one that administers the trust. Since they, also, wanted to be beneficiary of this trust, they had to come up with ways to get us, as beneficiary, to authorize their charging the trust, allegedly, for our benefit (via our signature on a document: citation, application, etc.), and then, temporarily transfer trusteeship, to us, during the brief time that they want to be the beneficiary of a particular \ldblquote constructive\rdblquote  trust.\par
\par
This means that a trust can be established anywhere, anytime, and the parties of the trust are quickly, albeit temporarily, put into place. But, since a beneficiary cannot charge a trust\endash\endash only a trustee can do so\endash\endash it is the state that charges the trust, but they do so for their benefit, not ours (albeit occasionally we do reap some benefit from that charge but nowhere near the value which they reap. Think bank loan\'85.. we reap a minute percentage of what they gain from our authorization). So, the only way, under trust law, for them to be able to charge the trust is to get the authorization from the beneficiary\endash\endash us, and the only way for them to benefit from their charge is to get us to switch roles\endash\endash from beneficiary to trustee (the one responsible for the accounting), and for them to switch their role\endash\endash from trustee to beneficiary because no party can be both, at the same time, i.e.: within the same constructive trust. They must somehow trick us into accepting the role of trustee. Why would we do so when the trust is for our benefit? \'85. and how do they manage to do this?\par
\par
Well, the best way is to get us into court and trick us into unwittingly doing so. But, if we know what has transpired, prior to our being there, it is easy to know what to say so that this doesn\rquote t happen. The court clerk is the hot shot, even though it appears as if the judge is. The clerk is the trustee for the CQV owned by the state/province and it is s/he who is responsible for appointing the trustee and the executor for a constructive trust\endash\endash that particular court case.\par
\par
So s/he appoints the judge as trustee (the one to administer the trust) and appoints the prosecutor as executor of the trust. The executor is ultimately liable for the charge because it was s/he who brought the case into court (created the constructive trust) on behalf of the state/province which charged the CQV trust. Only an executor/prosecutor can initiate/create a constructive trust and we all know the maxim of law: Whoever creates the controversy holds the liability and whoever holds the liability must provide the remedy. This is why all attorneys are mandated to bring their cheque-books to court because if it all goes wrong for them\'85. meaning either they fail to transfer their liability onto the alleged defendant, or the alleged defendant does not accept their offer of liability, then someone has to credit the trust account in order to off-set the debt. Since the prosecutor is the one who issues bogus paper and charges the trust, it is the Prosecutor/Executor (\ldblquote PE\rdblquote ) who is in the hot-seat.\par
\par
When the Name (of the trust), e.g.: JOHN DOE, is called by the Judge aka Administrator aka Trustee (\ldblquote JAT\rdblquote ), we can stand and ask, \ldblquote Are you saying that the trust which you are now administrating is the JOHN DOE trust?\rdblquote  This establishes that we know that the Name is a trust, not a live man. What\rquote s the JAT\rquote s first question? \ldblquote What\rquote s your name?\rdblquote  or \ldblquote State your name for the record\rdblquote . We must be very careful not to identify with the name of the trust because doing so makes us the trustee. What does this tell you about the judge? If we know that the judge is the trustee, then we also know that the judge is the Name, but only for this particular, constructive trust. Now, think about all the times that JATs have become so frustrated by our refusal to admit to being the Name that they issue a warrant and then, as soon as the man leaves, he is arrested. How idiotic is that? They must feel foolish for saying, \ldblquote John Doe is not in court so I\rquote m issuing a warrant for his arrest\rdblquote  and then, the man whom they just admitted is NOT there is arrested because he IS there. Their desperation makes them insane. They must get us to admit to being the name, or they pay, and we must not accept their coercion, or we pay. Because the JAT is the trustee\endash\endash a precarious position, the best thing to say, in that case, is \ldblquote JOHN DOE is, indeed, in the court!\rdblquote  Point to the JAT. \ldblquote It is YOU! As trustee, YOU are JOHN DOE, today, aren\rquote t you?!\rdblquote\par
\par
During their frustration over our not admitting to being a trust name\endash\endash the trustee and/or executor of the trust, we ought to ask who they are. \ldblquote Before we go any further, I need to know who YOU are.\rdblquote  Address the clerk of the court\endash\endash the trustee for the CQV trust owned by the state/province, \ldblquote Are you the CQV\rquote s trustee who has appointed this judge as administrator and trustee of the constructive trust case #12345? Did you also appoint the prosecutor as executor of this constructive trust?\rdblquote  Then point to the JAT: \ldblquote So you are the trustee\rdblquote , then point to the prosecutor, \ldblquote and you are the executor? And I\rquote m the beneficiary, so, now we know who\rquote s who and, as beneficiary, I authorize you to handle the accounting and dissolve this constructive trust. I now claim my body so I am collapsing the CQV trust which you have charged, as there is no value in it. You have committed fraud against all laws!\rdblquote  Likely, we will not get that far before the JAT will order \ldblquote Case dismissed\rdblquote  or, even more likely, the PE, as he clings tightly to his cheque-book, will call, \ldblquote We withdraw the charges\rdblquote .\par
\par
We have exposed their fraud of the CQV trust which exists only on presumptions. The CQV has no corpus, no property, ergo, no value. Trusts are created only upon the conveyance of property and can exist only as long as there is value in the trust. But, there is no value in the CQV trust, yet, they continue to charge the trust. That is fraud! The alleged property is we men and women whom they have deemed to be incompetent, dead, abandoned, lost, bankrupts, or minors, but that is an illusion so, if we claim our body, then we collapse the presumption that the trust has value. They are operating in fraud\endash\endash something we\rquote ve always known, but now we know how they do it. Our having exposed their fraud gives them only three options:\par
\par
1. They can dissolve the CQV trust\endash\endash the one for which the clerk of the court is trustee and from which s/he created a constructive trust\endash\endash the case\endash\endash for which s/he appointed the judge and prosecutor titles which hold temporary liability\endash\endash trustee and executor, respectively. But they cannot dissolve the CQV or the entire global system will collapse because they cannot exist without our energy which they obtain via that CQV trust.\par
\par
2. They can enforce the existing rules of trust law which means, as trustee, they can set-off their debt and leave us alone. Now they know that we are onto their fraud and every time they go into court to administer a trust account, they will not know if we are the one who will send them to jail. The trustee (judge) is the liable party who will go to jail, and the executor (prosecutor) is the one who enforces this. This is why they want us to take on both titles, because then, not only do we go to jail but also, by signing their paper, we become executor and enforce our own sentence. They cannot afford to violate the ecclesiastical canon laws, out of fear of ending their careers, so they are, again, trapped with no place to run.\par
\par
3. They can dismiss the cases before they even take the risk of our exposing their fraud \'85. which also makes no sense because then their careers, again, come to a screeching halt.\par
\par
What\rquote s a court clerk to do!? Pretty soon, none of these thugs will take any cases because the risk is too great. This will be the end of the court system. \lquote Bout bloody time, eh?\par
\par
Knowledge\endash\endash not procedure\endash\endash is power.\par
\par
The means by which we have attempted to assuage our problems, inflicted upon us by the PTW (powers that were) have all been superficial, compared to the origins of all the black magic, superstition, satanic ritualism, trickery, mind-control, and clandestine practices. Under commercial law, dating back to the Code of Ur-Nammu\endash\endash around 2100 BCE\endash\endash the use of another\rquote s property without permission puts one into dishonor and makes him liable for any debts. So, our using UCC forms, bills of exchange, AFV, or bonds, and altering documents of the Roman System can create penalties, as this is trading and/or using the property of a corporation we do not own \'85. the birth certificate proves that the \ldblquote name\rdblquote  is, in fact, the property of the corporation which issued it. We can do all the paper perfectly but, in the end, they say, \ldblquote Sorry; you\rquote re not one of us.\rdblquote  But, now, we get to inflict fear onto them. When we are forced to court, knowing that the Judge acts as the Trustee and the prosecutor acts as Executor of the CQV Trusts is empowering. It gives us two choices:\par
\par
1. If we wish to expose the fraud of presumptions, by which the CQV trusts still exist, then the court is the perfect opportunity to have them dissolved or to prove the fraud because the Trustee is sitting on the bench. Dissolving the first CQV, dissolves them all; or,\par
\par
2. If we are not inclined to use something like the Ecclesiastical Deed Poll to expose the fraud of the CQV Trusts, then, at least, we ought to know that everything the judge says\endash\endash even if it sounds like a command, order, or sentence\endash\endash is actually an offer which we can choose to decline (\ldblquote I do not consent; I do not accept your offer\rdblquote ). This is a fundamental principle of testamentary trusts\'85\'85 the beneficiary can accept or decline what the trustee offers.\par
\par
For 15 years, I have watched the alleged solutions in commerce come and go and nothing has worked for enough people on enough occasions to call anything a consistent win. Paying for information is insanity because those who sell information clearly have not prevailed or they wouldn\rquote t need to sell anything, would they? Buying express, private-contract trusts, e.g.: NACRS, is a huge waste of time and money because the entire process is too complicated for anyone with an IQ below 400 and \'85. \ldblquote no refunds\rdblquote . I have found no solution in commerce because those who claim to have solutions still insist upon treating symptoms rather than curing the cause\endash\endash the fraudulent CQV trust.\par
\par
If we send an Ecclesiastical Deed Poll (see: http://one-heaven.org/canons_positiv...ticle_1330.htm ), as response to a summons or arrest warrant, then the judge who issues them has to think long and hard: \ldblquote Am I willing to gamble that the man who walks into my court might call me on my role of trustee and expose the fraud that the CQV Trusts are still in place?\par
\par
Canons of Positive Law: http://one-heaven.org/canons_positiv...ticle_0000.htm\par
\par
This knowledge is your power. \endash\endash  Frank O\rquote Collins\par
\par
History of Trusts\par
\par
http://one-heaven.org/home.asp\par
\par
The 1st Trust of the world\par
\par
Unam Sanctam is one of the most frightening documents of history and the one most quoted as the primary document of the popes claiming their global power. It is an express trust deed. The last line reads: \ldblquote Furthermore, we declare, we proclaim, we define that it is absolutely necessary for salvation that every human creature be subject to the Roman Pontiff.\rdblquote  It is not only the first trust deed in history but also the largest trust ever conceived, as it claims the whole planet and everything on it, conveyed in trust.\par
\par
Triple Crown of Ba\rquote al, aka the Papal Tiara and Triregnum\par
\par
In 1302 Pope Boniface issued his infamous Papal Bull Unam Sanctam\endash\endash the first Express Trust. He claimed control over the whole planet which made him \ldblquote King of the world\rdblquote . In celebration, he commissioned a gold-plated headdress in the shape of a pinecone, with an elaborate crown at its base. The pinecone is an ancient symbol of fertility and one traditionally associated with Ba\rquote al as well as the Cult of Cybele. It also represents the pineal gland in the centre of our brains\endash\endash crystalline in nature\endash\endash  which allows us access to Source, hence, the 13-foot tall pinecone in Vatican Square. Think about why the Pontiffs would idolize a pinecone. See: Pharmacratic Inquisition:\par
\par
\par
\par
The 1st Crown of Crown Land\par
\par
Pope Boniface VIII was the first leader in history to create the concept of a Trust, but the first Testamentary Trust, through a deed and will creating a Deceased Estate, was created by Pope Nicholas V in 1455, through the Papal Bull Romanus Pontifex. This is only one of three (3) papal bulls to include the line with the incipit \ldblquote For a perpetual remembrance.\rdblquote  This Bull had the effect of conveying the right of use of the land as Real Property, from the Express Trust Unam Sanctam, to the control of the Pontiff and his successors in perpetuity. Hence, all land is claimed as \ldblquote crown land\rdblquote . This 1st Crown is represented by the 1st Cestui Que Vie Trust, created when a child is born. It deprives us of all beneficial entitlements and rights on the land.\par
\par
The 2nd Crown of the Commonwealth\par
\par
The second Crown was created in 1481 with the papal bull Aeterni Regis, meaning \ldblquote Eternal Crown\rdblquote , by Sixtus IV, being only the 2nd of three papal bulls as deeds of testamentary trusts.\par
\par
This Papal Bull created the \ldblquote Crown of Aragon\rdblquote , later known as the Crown of Spain, and is the highest sovereign and highest steward of all Roman Slaves subject to the rule of the Roman Pontiff. Spain lost the crown in 1604 when it was granted to King James I of England by Pope Paul V after the successful passage of the \ldblquote Union of Crowns\rdblquote , or Commonwealth, in 1605 after the false flag operation of the Gunpowder Plot. The Crown was finally lost by England in 1975, when it was returned to Spain and King Carlos I, where it remains to this day. This 2nd Crown is represented by the 2nd cestui Que Vie Trust, created when a child is born and, by the sale of the birth certificate as a Bond to the private central bank of the nation, depriving us of ownership of our flesh and condemning us to perpetual servitude, as a Roman person, or slave.\par
\par
The 3rd Crown of the Ecclesiastical See\par
\par
The third Crown was created in 1537 by Paul III, through the papal bull Convocation, also meant to open the Council of Trent. It is the third and final testamentary deed and will of a testamentary trust, set up for the claiming of all \ldblquote lost souls\rdblquote , lost to the See. The Venetians assisted in the creation of the 1st Cestui Que Vie Act of 1540, to use this papal bull as the basis of Ecclesiastical authority of Henry VIII. This Crown was secretly granted to England in the collection and \ldblquote reaping\rdblquote  of lost souls. The Crown was lost in 1816, due to the deliberate bankruptcy of England, and granted to the Temple Bar which became known as the Crown Bar, or simply the Crown. The Bar Associations have since been responsible for administering the \ldblquote reaping\rdblquote  of the souls of the lost and damned, including the registration and collection of Baptismal certificates representing the souls collected by the Vatican and stored in its vaults.\par
\par
This 3rd Crown is represented by the 3rd Cestui Que Vie Trust, created when a child is baptized. It is the parents\rquote  grant of the Baptismal certificate\endash\endash title to the soul\endash\endash to the church or Registrar. Thus, without legal title over one\rquote s own soul, we will be denied legal standing and will be treated as things\endash\endash cargo without souls\endash\endash upon which the BAR is now legally able to enforce Maritime law.\par
\par
The Cestui Que Vie Trust\par
\par
A Cestui Que Vie Trust is a fictional concept. It is a Temporary Testamentary Trust, first created during the reign of Henry VIII of England through the Cestui Que Vie Act of 1540 and updated by Charles II, through the CQV Act of 1666, wherein an Estate may be effected for the Benefit of a Person presumed lost or abandoned at \ldblquote sea\rdblquote  and therefore assumed \ldblquote dead\rdblquote  after seven (7) years. Additional presumptions, by which such a Trust may be formed, were added in later statutes to include bankrupts, minors, incompetents, mortgages, and private companies. The original purpose of a CQV Trust was to form a temporary Estate for the benefit of another because some event, state of affairs, or condition prevented them from claiming their status as living, competent, and present, before a competent authority. Therefore, any claims, history, statutes, or arguments that deviate in terms of the origin and function of a CQV Trust, as pronounced by these canons, is false and automatically null and void.\par
\par
A Beneficiary under Estate may be either a Beneficiary or a CQV Trust. When a Beneficiary loses direct benefit of any Property of the higher Estate placed in a CQV Trust on his behalf, he do not \ldblquote own\rdblquote  the CQV Trust; he is only the beneficiary of what the Trustees of the CQV Trust choose to provide. As all CQV Trusts are created on presumption, based upon original purpose and function, such a Trust cannot be created if these presumptions can be proven not to exist.\par
\par
Since 1933, when a child is borne in a State (Estate) under inferior Roman law, three (3) Cestui Que (Vie) Trusts are created upon certain presumptions specifically designed to deny, forever, the child any rights of Real Property, any Rights to be free, and any Rights to be known as man or woman, rather than a creature or animal, by claiming and possessing their Soul or Spirit.\par
\par
The Executors or Administrators of the higher Estate willingly and knowingly:\par
\par
1. convey the beneficial entitlements of the child, as Beneficiary, into the 1st Cestui Que (Vie) Trust in the form of a Registry Number by registering the Name, thereby also creating the Corporate Person and denying the child any rights to Real Property; and,\par
\par
2. claim the baby as chattel to the Estate. The slave baby contract is then created by honoring the ancient tradition of either having the ink impression of the baby\rquote s feet onto the live birth record, or a drop of its blood, as well as tricking the parents to signing the baby away through the deceitful legal meanings on the live birth record which is a promissory note, converted into a slave bond, sold to the private reserve bank of the estate, and then conveyed into a 2nd and separate CQV Trust, per child, owned by the bank. When the promissory note reaches maturity and the bank is unable to \ldblquote seize\rdblquote  the slave child, a maritime lien is lawfully issued to \ldblquote salvage\rdblquote  the lost property and is monetized as currency issued in series against the CQV Trust.\par
\par
3. claim the child\rquote s soul via the Baptismal Certificate. Since 1540 and the creation of the 1st CQV Act, deriving its power from the Papal Bull of Roman Cult leader Pope Paul III, 1540, when a child is baptized and a Baptismal Certificate is issued, the parents have gifted, granted, and conveyed the soul of the baby to a \ldblquote 3rd\rdblquote  CQV Trust owned by Roman Cult, which has held this valuable property in its vaults ever since. Since 1815, this 3rd Crown of the Roman Cult and 3rd CQV Trust representing Ecclesiastical Property has been managed by the BAR as the reconstituted \ldblquote Galla\rdblquote  responsible, as Grim Reapers, for reaping the souls.\par
\par
Each Cestui Que Vie Trust, created since 1933, represents one of the 3 Crowns representing the three claims of property of the Roman Cult: Real Property (on Earth), Personal Property (body), and Ecclesiastical Property (soul). Each corresponds exactly to the three forms of law available to the Galla of the BAR Courts: corporate commercial law (judge is the \lquote landlord\rquote ), maritime and canon law (judge is the banker), and Talmudic law (judge is the priest).\par
\par
What is the real power of a court \lquote judge\rquote ?\par
\par
Given what has been revealed about the foundations of Roman Law, what is the real hidden power of a judge when we face court? Is it their superior knowledge of process and procedure or of magic? Or is it something simpler and far more obvious?\par
\par
It is unfortunate that much of the excitement about Estates and Executors has deliberately not revealed that an Estate, by definition, has to belong to a Trust\endash\endash to be specific, a Testamentary Trust or CQV Trust. When we receive legal paper or have to appear in court, it is these same CQV Trusts which have our rights converted into the property contained within them. Instead of being the Trustee, or the Executor, or Administrator, we are merely the Beneficiary of each CQV Trust, granted only beneficial and equitable use of certain property, never legal title. So if the Roman Legal System assumes we are merely the beneficiary of these CQV Trusts, when we go to court, who represents the Trustee and Office of Executor? We all know that all cases are based upon the judge\rquote s discretion which often defies procedures, statutes, and maxims of law. Well, they are doing what any Trustee or Executor, administering a trust in the presence of the beneficiary, can do under Roman Law and all the statutes, maxims, and procedures are really for show because under the principles of Trust Law, as first formed by the Roman Cult, a Trustee has a wide latitude, including the ability to correct any procedural mistakes, by obtaining the implied or tacit consent of the beneficiary, to obviate any mistakes. The judge is the real and legal Name. The judge is the trust, itself. We are the mirror image to them\endash\endash the ghost\endash\endash the dead. It is high sorcery, trickery, and subterfuge that has remained \ldblquote legal\rdblquote  for far too long. Spread the word.\par
\par
Conference call about the \lquote name\rquote  with Vic: http://ia600306.us.archive.org/11/it...07-12-2010.mp3\par
\par
Frank O\rquote Collins:\par
\par
http://recordings.talkshoe.com/TC-39904/TS-422034.mp3\par
\par
Money & Justice (p.s. You are already dead!):\par
\par
http://www.tirnasaor.com/07/08/court...que-vie-trust/\par
}
 