{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Date ______                   72 HOUR TO CEASE & DESIST \par
                                 OR FACE CIVIL/CRIMINAL PROSECUTION\par
\par
\par
To whom it may concern,  this letter is to inform you of your severe violation of law, you have been operating in a manner of non disclosure to the public, you have created wording that is deceptive, and also are not conforming to the law in matters of contracts, please consider the following information. \par
\par
The "most sacred of liberties" of which Justice Tolman spoke was personal liberty. The definition of personal liberty is:\par
"Personal liberty, or the Right to enjoyment of life and liberty, is one of the fundamental or natural Rights, which has been protected by its inclusion as a guarantee in the various constitutions, which is not derived from, or dependent on, the U.S. Constitution, which may not be submitted to a vote and may not depend on the outcome of an election. It is one of the most sacred and valuable Rights, as sacred as the Right to private property...and is regarded as inalienable." 16 C.J.S., Constitutional Law, Sect.202, p.987.\par
\par
This concept is further amplified by the definition of personal liberty:\par
\par
"Personal liberty largely consists of the Right of locomotion -- to go where and when one pleases -- only so far restrained as the Rights of others may make it necessary for the welfare of all other citizens. The Right of the Citizen to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, by horsedrawn carriage, wagon, or automobile, is not a mere privilege which may be permitted or prohibited at will, but the common Right which he has under his Right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Under this Constitutional guarantee one may, therefore, under normal conditions, travel at his inclination along the public highways or in public places, and while conducting himself in an orderly and decent manner, neither interfering with nor disturbing another's Rights, he will be protected, not only in his person, but in his safe conduct." [emphasis added] II Am.Jur. (1st) Constitutional Law, Sect.329, p.1135.\par
\par
\par
Drivers license only applies to those being paid to haul passengers or goods\par
\par
The DMV IS GUILTY of Non-Disclosure \par
\par
When a good portion of Americans wake up to the facts of the DMV (Department of Motor Vehicles) non-disclosure regarding what IS a motor vehicle and what is not a motor vehicle, along with the true definitions of the associated words shared below, they will realize that all acts are voluntary AND who actually has the true power. (Not the usurpers!)\par
\par
\par
As it stands right now, when someone goes down to the DMV and voluntarily registers (Regis - comes from a king) their automobile to get a title and plates, they unknowingly convert the auto into a motor vehicle and in doing so, a commercial carrier. \par
\par
Certification. All parties certify with their signature that to the best of their knowledge the information and statements on this application are true and correct. The prior owner's odometer statement has been shown to the applicant and a copy of this completed application including odometer statement has been furnished the applicant. COMMERCIAL CARRIERS - I further certify knowledge of applicable federal and state motor carrier safety rules, regulations, standards and orders, and declare that all operations will be conducted in compliance with such requirements. Then there is a big X and a place to sign. \par
\par
I know people will say, well I am not a 'commercial carrier' and that doesn't apply to me. Guess again! There wasn't a check off place for such exclusion to that certification and it was done that way on purpose. The STATE could have one application for people with private autos and another for commercial carriers, but they do not.\par
\par
Here is why: Just for fun, try to find the definition of just the word "passenger" in any State Motor Vehicle Code? I've personally asked five different State DMVs to show me where I can find this definition amongst their Codes and none of them have it. Why? Because this would expose the trickery the DMVs have played on people's ignorance to get them to voluntarily register their non-passenger private autos as "motor vehicles". \par
\par
"driving" and "operating" are commercial terms and are being used to designate such activity on unknowing people via the statutes (not laws) whom then are only recognized as a "person" (which is a legal entity) so that the government entities (which are corporations) may tax, regulate and control this activity. \par
\par
Definition of "driver" from Bouvier's Law Dictionary 1914 ed., Pg. 940 \par
One employed in conducting a coach, carriage, wagon, or other vehicle\par
\par
Definition of "passenger" from Black's Law Dictionary, Fourth Edition, Pg. 1280. One carried for hire or reward, as distinguished from a "guest" who is one carried gratuitously...\par
\par
Definition of "motor vehicle" in the U.S. Codes is: The term "motor vehicle" means every description of carriage or other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for commercial purposes on the highways in the transportation of passengers, passengers and property, or property or cargo. TITLE 18 > PART I > CHAPTER 2 > \'a7 31(6)\par
\par
Definition of (10) Used for commercial purposes -- The term "used for commercial purposes" means the carriage of persons or property for any fare, fee, rate, charge or other consideration, or directly or indirectly in connection with any business, or other undertaking intended for profit.\par
\par
Look these words up for yourself, 'cause it always a good idea to do your own due diligence. If you use a newer dictionary edition, the definitions may have been changed slightly to hide the true intent.\par
\par
Ask yourself these questions: Do you charge a fee anyone for sitting in the automobile while you take them to school or to the shopping mall or while traveling in the auto anywhere for that matter? So what are WE going to do about it? \par
\par
Begin by simply pulling out the copy of the Title and License Plate Application that you signed and read it very carefully. It surely will be different in "your" State, but the premise is the same. Then you can NOTIFY the STATE DMV that there has been a mistake, and you wish to correct it. They will probably ignore your request so then you need to send the next notification using a notary or two witnesses. This is just one more step in taking back your freedom to travel. \par
\par
There are many Internet searchable articles on the subject of "right to travel", yet I personally declare that it is not a "right" or "privilege" but rather, travel is merely a necessity of man.\par
\par
Safe traveling!\par
\par
"True freedom doesn't come from a piece of paper, right or privilege, rather it's the understanding of your status = knowing who you truly are and who you are not, then being/living it \par
\par
also consider the following ....\par
\par
 here is a little break down from Jared , hit it Jared ...... Jared Dalen Here is a little breakdown I wrote on:\par
\par
LEGAL TITLE vs EQUITABLE TITLE\par
\par
Ok people, how many of you out there in the Matrix own a car? What if I told you you don't actually own your car??? You may say, "but I have legal title!" Lets be honest, have you ever bothered looking up the term "legal title" in a law dictionary? Lets take a look at some definitions from Black's 6th Edition shall we? Alrighty then...\par
\par
LEGAL TITLE ~ One cognizable or enforceable in a court of law, or one which is complete and perfect and possession, BUT WHICH CARRIES NO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE PROPERTY, ANOTHER PERSON BEING EQUITABLY ENTITLED THERETO; in either case, THE ANTITHESIS OF "EQUITABLE TITLE". It may also mean appearance of title as distinguished from complete title; or full and absolute title or apparent right of ownership WITH BENEFICIAL OR EQUITABLE TITLE IN ANOTHER.\par
\par
WOW, lots if big words in there. One of which being "equitable title." It is also noted that this equitable interest is vested in another person. Interesting... Before we venture into the word "equitable", lets take a look at "legal owner. " You are the legal owner are you not?\par
\par
LEGAL OWNER ~ The term has come to be used in TECHNICAL CONTRAST to the EQUITABLE OWNER, and not as opposed to an illegal owner. The legal owner has title to property (legal title), although the title may actually carry NO RIGHTS TO THE PROPERTY other than a lein.\par
\par
Again, in contrast to equitable owner. Guess we better see who this "equitable owner" is! I would define "equitable title" but under the definition it says to "see equitable owner"...\par
\par
EQUITABLE OWNER ~ One who is recognized in equity as owner of the property, BECAUSE REAL AND BENEFICIAL USE AND TITLE BELONG TO HIM, even though bare legal title is invested in another.\par
\par
"Legal title is invested in another" (YOU) and "real and beneficial use and title belong to him." We'll who is "him" and actually owns the equitable interest in "your" car? We'll find that out shortly after a couple more definitions like "equitable ownership"...\par
\par
EQUITABLE OWNERSHIP ~ The OWNERSHIP INTEREST OF ONE WHO HAS EQUITABLE AS CONTRAST TO LEGAL OWNERSHIP OF A PROPERTY...\par
\par
EQUITABLE INTEREST ~ The interest of a BENEFICIARY under a trust is considered equitable as contrasted with the interest of the TRUSTEE which is a LEGAL INTEREST BECAUSE THE TRUSTEE HAS LEGAL AS CONTRASTED WITH EQUITABLE TITLE.\par
\par
I hope it is starting to become very clear that somewhere between you buying the car and then receiving this "legal title", you have given up equitable interest in YOUR car. By the above definition it states you are a trustee that has legal title to the property. This may bring more questions like what is a "trust", "trustee" and this mystical "beneficiary" who has equitable title over YOUR property.\par
\par
TRUST ~ A legal entity created by a GRANTOR for the benefit of designated beneficiaries under the laws of the state and the valid trust instrument.\par
\par
BENEFICIARY ~ ONE WHO BENEFITS FROM THE ACT OF ANOTHER. A PARTY WHO WILL BENEFIT FROM THE TRANSFER OF PROPERTY OR OTHER ARRANGMENT. Examples include the beneficiary of a TRUST...\par
\par
TRUSTEE ~ PERSON HOLDING PROPERTY IN TRUST... ONE WHO HOLDS LEGAL TITLE TO PROPERTY "IN TRUST" FOR THE BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON (BENEFICIARY) AND WHO MUST CARRY OUT SPECIFIC DUTIES WITH REGARD TO THE PROPERTY. The trustee owes a fiduciary duty to the beneficiary.\par
\par
Well, well, WELL, isn't this interesting!!!! Lets see, a trust is created by a grantor for the benefit of the beneficiary in which the trustee holds legal title and owes a fiduciary duty to the beneficiary. Feel good about your legal title now? Lets take a look at another term to hammer this home, "fiduciary"...\par
\par
FIDUCIARY ~ A person holding the character of a trustee, or a character analogous to that if a trustee... A person having the duty, CREATED BY HIS UNDERTAKING, to act primarily for another's benefit...\par
\par
Lets recap again; YOU:\par
1) Have legal title to property you assume is yours.\par
\par
2) Have a fiduciary duty for the benefit of the beneficiary that holds equitable title to the property you think you own.\par
\par
^How did this happen!!!! Lets go back and see what exactly happened... You bought a car. At that point you HAD equitable title to that car which is known as the Bill of Sale. Then, without understanding law, and because "everyone is doing it", you voluntarily registered YOUR car with the state which created a trust agreement. Under this trust agreement that you voluntarily granted (GRANTOR), you gave equitable title to the state and made them the beneficiary and you a trustee in which you agree to their arbitrary rules and fees as a fiduciary... You getting pissed yet? You should, because if you are the "legal owner" of your home and "legal guardian" of your child, somewhere down the line you voluntarily agreed to give up equitable interest in YOUR property. Unfortunately there are two maxims of law that allow this to happen.\par
\par
*Ignorance of law is no excuse.*\par
\par
*Let him who wishes to be decieved, be decieved.*\par
\par
How about a shot of reality from the beneficiary's mouth:\par
\par
Senate Document # 43; SENATE RESOLUTION NO. 62 (Pg 9, Para 2) April 17, 1933: "The ultimate ownership of all property is in the State (equitable owner); individual so-called "ownership" (legal owner) is only by virtue of Government (beneficiary), i.e., law, AMOUNTING TO A MERE USER (your the trustee); and use must be in accordance with law (fiduciary duty) and subordinate to the necessities of the State."\par
\par
If you knew the defintion of "allodium" (in regard to land), you might realize that a person who owns land in allodium has "land held absolutely in one's own right, and not of any lord or superior; land not subject to FEUDAL duties or burdens." Hmmm, feudal duties and burdens like LAND TAXES? Like renewal of registration and other fees for the enjoyment of "your" car???\par
\par
Lastly, I want to make it very clear how you are viewed by your beloved government "by the people and for the people" after it changed in the 1860s from a constitutional republic to a federal democracy... Usufruct!\par
\par
USURFRUCT ~ The right of using and enjoying and receiving the profits of property THAT BELONGS TO ANOTHER, and the usurfructuary is a person (YOU, the trustee who holds legal title!) who has the usurfruct or right of enjoying anything in which HE HAS NO PROPERTY (EQUITABLE) INTEREST.\par
\par
Hate to burst you bubble, but as long as you willingly consent to be governed by this reconstructed federal system, you consent to being a vassal -- a voluntary slave -- for your lord the state in modern feudal times. If one thing remains constant, it is history repeats itself.\par
\par
P.S. In case you are unaware of the significance of the term "vassal". This is taken from Wiki:\par
\par
A vassal or feudatory is a person who has entered into a mutual obligation to a lord or monarch in the context [a] feudal system... The obligations often included military support and mutual protection, in exchange for certain privileges, usually including the grant of land held as a fiefdom. The term can be applied to similar arrangements in other feudal societies.\par
\par
Better start questioning the world around you, because this is only the tip of the iceberg...\par
\par
\par
Lets not forget , the records that have been being kept my DMV and lic, are all derived under this constructive fraud, derived from the idea that we were commercial drivers, so it makes all the records they have a violation of rights , to the each and everyone of us. We should be able to force them to destroy these records, and a repayment of any and every ticket you ever received by having that commercial drivers lic. we thought was just a private lic., for individuals.\par
\par
please consider the following violations as well for doing business with out informing the public ...... \par
\par
 1.) BRIEF IN SUPPORT OF NOTICE FOR IMMEDIATE CEASE AND DESIST OF CRIMINAL OPERATION.\par
 "BRIEF IN SUPPORT OF NOTICE  FOR LACK OF JURISDICTION DISCLOSURE," FALSE ADVERTISING, NON DISCLOSURE, FRAUD, CREATING FRAUDULENT DATA BASE, INVASION OF PRIVACY, SLANDER, EXTORTION, DEATH OF MOTORIST ... stating as follows:\par
Many deaths have occured by this farudulent non disclosure, just consider every time one flee's from police/sheriff, because they were lied to, in thinking they had to have this license.\par
These are very real and very serious violations that craete public nusiance and create a false understanding of what a drivers licesne is.\par
One more death due to this fraud will be on your hands.\par
Also consider the fraud of jailing/incarcerating non commercial travelers from your non disclosure, million's of falsy imprisoned men/women and even children.\par
your failure of this non disclosue has many elements of crime and creating public hazrtds.\par
don't let teh next death or fals imprisonment be on your hand, ytou will be prosecuted to teh fullest extent of the law.\par
\par
2.) ARGUMENT\par
1. If ever a judge understood the public's right to use the public roads, it was Justice Tolman of the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Justice Tolman stated:\par
2. "Complete freedom of the highways is so old and well established a blessing that we have forgotten the days of the Robber Barons and toll roads, and yet, under an act like this, arbitrarily administered, the highways may be completely monopolized, if, through lack of interest, the people submit, then they may look to see the most sacred of their liberties taken from them one by one, by more or less rapid encroachment." Robertson vs. Department of Public Works, 180 Wash 133, 147.\par
3. The words of Justice Tolman ring most prophetically in the ears of the people throughout the country today as the use of the public roads has been monopolized by the very entity which has been empowered to stand guard over our freedoms, i.e., that of state government.\par
3.) RIGHTS\par
1. The "most sacred of liberties" of which Justice Tolman spoke was personal liberty. The definition of personal liberty is:\par
2. "Personal liberty, or the Right to enjoyment of life and liberty, is one of the fundamental or natural Rights, which has been protected by its inclusion as a guarantee in the various constitutions, which is not derived from, or dependent on, the U.S. Constitution, which may not be submitted to a vote and may not depend on the outcome of an election. It is one of the most sacred and valuable Rights, as sacred as the Right to private property...and is regarded as inalienable." 16 C.J.S., Constitutional Law, Sect.202, p.987.\par
3. This concept is further amplified by the definition of personal liberty:\par
4. "Personal liberty largely consists of the Right of locomotion -- to go where and when one pleases -- only so far restrained as the Rights of others may make it necessary for the welfare of all other the people. The Right of the people to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, by horse drawn carriage, wagon, or automobile, is not a mere privilege which may be permitted or prohibited at will, but the common Right which he has under his Right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Under this Constitutional guarantee one may, therefore, under normal conditions, travel at his inclination along the public highways or in public places, and while conducting himself in an orderly and decent manner, neither interfering with nor disturbing another's Rights, he will be protected, not only in his person, but in his safe conduct." [emphasis added] II Am.Jur. (1st) Constitutional Law, Sect.329, p.1135.\par
and further...\par
5. "Personal liberty -- consists of the power of locomotion, of changing situations, of removing one's person to whatever place one's inclination may direct, without imprisonment or restraint unless by due process of law." 1 Blackstone's Commentary 134; Hare, Constitution__.777; Bovier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed., Black's Law Dictionary, 5th ed.\par
6. Justice Tolman was concerned about the State prohibiting the people from the "most sacred of his liberties," the Right of movement, the Right of moving one's self from place to place without threat of imprisonment, the Right to use the public roads in the ordinary course of life.\par
7. When the State allows the formation of a corporation it may control its creation by establishing guidelines (statutes) for its operation (charters). Corporations who use the roads in the course of business do not use the roads in the ordinary course of life. There is a difference between a corporation and an individual. The United States Supreme Court has stated:\par
8. "...We are of the opinion that there is a clear distinction in this particular between an individual and a corporation, and that the latter has no right to refuse to submit its books and papers for examination on the suit of the State. The individual may stand upon his Constitutional Rights as the people. He is entitled to carry on his private business in his own way. His power to contract is unlimited. He owes no duty to the State or to his neighbors to divulge his business, or to open his doors to investigation, so far as it may tend to incriminate him. He owes no such duty to the State, since he receives nothing therefrom, beyond the protection of his life, liberty, and property. His Rights are such as the law of the land long antecedent to the organization of the state, and can only be taken from him by due process of law, and in accordance with the Constitution. Among his Rights are the refusal to incriminate himself, and the immunity of himself and his property from arrest or seizure except under warrant of law. He owes nothing to the public so long as he does not trespass upon their rights.\par
9. "Upon the other hand, the corporation is a creature of the state. It is presumed to be incorporated for the benefit of the public. It receives certain special privileges and franchises, and holds them subject to the laws of the state and the limitations of its charter. Its rights to act as a corporation are only preserved to it so long as it obeys the laws of its creation. There is a reserved right in the legislature to investigate its contracts and find out whether it has exceeded its powers. It would be a strange anomaly to hold that the State, having chartered a corporation to make use of certain franchises, could not in exercise of its sovereignty inquire how those franchises had been employed, and whether they had been abused, and demand the production of corporate books and papers for that purpose." [emphasis added] Hale vs. Hinkel, 201 US 43, 74-75.\par
10. Corporations engaged in mercantile equity fall under the purview of the State's admiralty jurisdiction, and the public at large must be protected from their activities, as they (the corporations) are engaged in business for profit.\par
11. "...Based upon the fundamental ground that the sovereign state has the plenary control of the streets and highways in the exercise of its police power (see police power, infra.), may absolutely prohibit the use of the streets as a place for the prosecution of a private business for gain. They all recognize the fundamental distinction between the ordinary Right of the people to use the streets in the usual way and the use of the streets as a place of business or a main instrumentality of business for private gain. The former is a common Right, the latter is an extraordinary use. As to the former the legislative power is confined to regulation, as to the latter it is plenary and extends even to absolute prohibition. Since the use of the streets by a common carrier in the prosecution of its business as such is not a right but a mere license of privilege." Hadfield vs. Lundin, 98 Wash 657l, 168, p.516.\par
12. It will be necessary to review early cases and legal authority in order to reach a lawfully correct theory dealing with this Right or "privilege." We will attempt to reach a sound conclusion as to what is a "Right to use the road" and what is a "privilege to use the road". Once reaching this determination, we shall then apply those positions to modern case decision.\par
13. "Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them." Miranda vs. Arizona, 384 US 436, 491.\par
and...\par
14. "The claim and exercise of a constitutional Right cannot be converted into a crime." Miller vs. U.S., 230 F. 486, 489.\par
and...\par
15. "There can be no sanction or penalty imposed upon one because of this exercise of constitutional Rights." Snerer vs. Cullen, 481 F. 946.\par
16. Streets and highways are established and maintained for the purpose of travel and transportation by the public. Such travel may be for business or pleasure.\par
17. "The use of the highways for the purpose of travel and transportation is not a mere privilege, but a common and fundamental Right of which the public and the individual cannot be rightfully deprived." [emphasis added] Chicago Motor Coach vs. Chicago, 169 NE 22; Ligare vs. Chicago, 28 NE 934; Boon vs. Clark, 214 SSW 607; 25 Am.Jur. (1st) Highways Sect.163.\par
and...\par
18. "The Right of to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, either by horse drawn carriage or by automobile, is not a mere privilege which a city can prohibit or permit at will, but a common Right which he has under the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." [emphasis added] Thompson vs. Smith, 154 SE 579.\par
19. So we can see that the people have a Right to travel upon the public highways by automobile and the people cannot be rightfully deprived of his Liberty. So where does the misconception that the use of the public road is always and only a privilege come from?\par
20. "...For while the people have the Right to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, that Right does not extend to the use of the highways, either in whole or in part, as a place for private gain. For the latter purpose no man/women has a vested right to use the highways of the state, but is a privilege or a license which the legislature may grant or withhold at its discretion." State vs. Johnson, 243 P. 1073; Hadfield, supra; Cummins vs. Homes, 155 P. 171; Packard vs. Banton, 44 S.Ct. 256; and other cases too numerous to mention.\par
21. Here the court held that the people have the Right to travel upon the public highways, but that he did not have the right to conduct business upon the highways. On this point of law all authorities are unanimous.\par
22. "Heretofore the court has held, and we think correctly, that while the people have the Right to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, that Right does not extend to the use of the highways, either in whole or in part, as a place of business for private gain." Barney vs. Board of Railroad Commissioners, 17 P.2d 82; Willis vs. Buck, 263 P.l 982.\par
and...\par
23. "The right of the people to travel upon the highway and to transport his property thereon, in the ordinary course of life and business, differs radically and obviously from that of one who makes the highway his place of business for private gain in the running of a stagecoach or omnibus." State vs. City of Spokane, 186 P. 864.\par
24> What is this Right of the people which differs so "radically and obviously" from one who uses the highway as a place of business? Who better to enlighten us than Justice Tolman of the Supreme Court of Washington State? In State vs. City of Spokane, supra, the Court also noted a very "radical and obvious" difference, but went on to explain just what the difference is:\par
25. "The former is the usual and ordinary right of the people, a common right to all, while the latter is special, unusual, and extraordinary."\par
and...\par
26. "This distinction, elementary and fundamental in character, is recognized by all the authorities." State vs. City of Spokane, supra.\par
27. This position does not hang precariously upon only a few cases, but has been proclaimed by an impressive array of cases ranging from the state courts to the federal courts.\par
28. "the right of the people to travel upon the highway and to transport his property thereon in the ordinary course of life and business, differs radically and obviously from that of one who makes the highway his place of business and uses it for private gain in the running of a stagecoach or omnibus. The former is the usual and ordinary right of the people, a right common to all, while the latter is special, unusual, and extraordinary." Ex Parte Dickey, (Dickey vs. Davis), 85 SE 781.\par
and...\par
29. "The right of the people to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon, in the ordinary course of life and business, is a common right which he has under the right to enjoy life and liberty, to acquire and possess property, and to pursue happiness and safety. It includes the right, in so doing, to use the ordinary and usual conveyances of the day, and under the existing modes of travel, includes the right to drive a horse drawn carriage or wagon thereon or to operate an automobile thereon, for the usual and ordinary purpose of life and business." Teche Lines vs. Danforth, Miss., 12 S.2d 784; Thompson vs. Smith, supra.\par
30. There is no dissent among various authorities as to this position. (See Am.Jur. [1st] Const. Law, 329 and corresponding Am. Jur. [2nd].)\par
31. "Personal liberty -- or the right to enjoyment of life and liberty -- is one of the fundamental or natural rights, which has been protected by its inclusion as a guarantee in the various constitutions, which is not derived from nor dependent on the U.S. Constitution... It is one of the most sacred and valuable rights [remember the words of Justice Tolman, supra.] as sacred as the right to private property...and is regarded as inalienable." 16 C.J.S. Const. Law, Sect.202, p.987.\par
32. As we can see, the distinction between a "Right" to use the public roads and a "privilege" to use the public roads is drawn upon the line of "using the road as a place of business" and the various state courts have held so. But what have the U.S. courts held on this point?\par
33. "First, it is well established law that the highways of the state are public property, and their primary and preferred use is for private purposes, and that their use for purposes of gain is special and extraordinary which, generally at least, the legislature may prohibit or condition as it sees fit." Stephenson vs. Rinford, 287 US 251; Pachard vs Banton, 264 US 140, and cases cited; Frost and F. Trucking Co. vs. Railroad Commission, 271 US 592; Railroad commission vs. Inter-City Forwarding Co., 57 SW.2d 290; Parlett Cooperative vs. Tidewater Lines, 164 A. 313.\par
34. So what is a privilege to use the roads? By now it should be apparent even to the "learned" that an attempt to use the road as a place of business is a privilege. The distinction must be drawn between...\par
1. Travelling upon and transporting one's property upon the public roads, which is our Right; and...\par
2. Using the public roads as a place of business or a main instrumentality of business, which is a privilege.\par
35. "[The roads]...are constructed and maintained at public expense, and no person therefore, can insist that he has, or may acquire, a vested right to their use in carrying on a commercial business." Ex Parte Sterling, 53 SW.2d 294; Barney vs. Railroad Commissioners, 17 P.2d 82; Stephenson vs. Binford, supra.\par
36. "When the public highways are made the place of business the state has a right to regulate their use in the interest of safety and convenience of the public as well as the preservation of the highways." Barney vs. Railroad Commissioners, supra.\par
37. "[The state's] right to regulate such use is based upon the nature of the business and the use of the highways in connection therewith." Ibid.\par
38. "We know of no inherent right in one to use the highways for commercial purposes. The highways are primarily for the use of the public, and in the interest of the public, the state may prohibit or regulate...the use of the highways for gain." Robertson vs. Dept. of Public Works, supra.\par
39. There should be considerable authority on a subject as important a this deprivation of the liberty of the individual "using the roads in the ordinary course of life and business." However, it should be noted that extensive research has not turned up one case or authority acknowledging the state's power to convert the individual's right to travel upon the public roads into a "privilege."\par
40. Therefore, it is concluded that the people do have a "Right" to travel and transport his property upon the public highways and roads and the exercise of this Right is not a "privilege."\par
4.) DEFINITIONS\par
1. In order to understand the correct application of the statute in question, we must first define the terms used in connection with this point of law. As will be shown, many terms used today do not, in their legal context, mean what we assume they mean, thus resulting in the misapplication of statutes in the instant case.\par
\par
5.) AUTOMOBILE AND MOTOR VEHICLE\par
1. There is a clear distinction between an automobile and a motor vehicle. An automobile has been defined as:\par
2. "The word `automobile' connotes a pleasure vehicle designed for the transportation of passengers on highways." American Mutual Liability Ins. Co., vs. Chaput, 60 A.2d 118, 120; 95 NH 200.\par
3. While the distinction is made clear between the two as the courts have stated:\par
4. "A motor vehicle or automobile for hire is a motor vehicle, other than an automobile stage, used for the transportation of persons for which remuneration is received." International Motor Transit Co. vs. Seattle, 251 P. 120.\par
5. The term `motor vehicle' is different and broader than the word `automobile.'" City of Dayton vs. DeBrosse, 23 NE.2d 647, 650; 62 Ohio App. 232.\par
6. The distinction is made very clear in Title 18 USC 31: "Motor vehicle" means every description or other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for commercial purposes on the highways in the transportation of passengers, or passengers and property.\par
7. "Used for commercial purposes" means the carriage of persons or property for any fare, fee, rate, charge or other considerations, or directly or indirectly in connection with any business, or other undertaking intended for profit.\par
8. Clearly, an automobile is private property in use for private purposes, while a motor vehicle is a machine which may be used upon the highways for trade, commerce, or hire.\par
\par
6.) TRAVEL\par
1. The term "travel" is a significant term and is defined as:\par
2. "The term `travel' and `traveler' are usually construed in their broad and general sense...so as to include all those who rightfully use the highways viatically (when being reimbursed for expenses) and who have occasion to pass over them for the purpose of business, convenience, or pleasure." [emphasis added] 25 Am.Jur. (1st) Highways, Sect.427, p.717.\par
3. "Traveler -- One who passes from place to place, whether for pleasure, instruction, business, or health." Locket vs. State, 47 Ala. 45; Bovier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed., p. 3309.\par
4. "Travel -- To journey or to pass through or over; as a country district, road, etc. To go from one place to another, whether on foot, or horseback, or in any conveyance as a train, an automobile, carriage, ship, or aircraft; Make a journey." Century Dictionary, p.2034.\par
5. Therefore, the term "travel" or "traveler" refers to one who uses a conveyance to go from one place to another, and included all those who use the highways as a matter of Right.\par
6. Notice that in all these definitions the phrase "for hire" never occurs. This term "travel" or "traveler" implies, by definition, one who uses the road as a means to move from one place to another.\par
7. Therefore, one who uses the road in the ordinary course of life and business for the purpose of travel and transportation is a traveler.\par
7.) DRIVER\par
1. The term "driver" in contradistinction to "traveler,": is defined as:\par
2. "Driver -- One employed in conducting a coach, carriage, wagon, or other vehicle..." Bovier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed., p. 940.\par
3. Notice that this definition includes one who is "employed" in conducting a vehicle. It should be self-evident that this person could not be "travelling" on a journey, but is using the road as a place of business.\par
8.) OPERATOR\par
1. Today we assume that a "traveler" is a "driver," and a "driver" is an "operator." However, this is not the case.\par
2. "It will be observed from the language of the ordinance that a distinction is to be drawn between the terms `operator' and `driver'; the `operator' of the service car being the person who is licensed to have the car on the streets in the business of carrying passengers for hire; while the `driver' is the one who actually drives the car. However, in the actual prosecution of business, it was possible for the same person to be both `operator' and `driver.'" Newbill vs. Union Indemnity Co., 60 SE.2d 658.\par
3. To further clarify the definition of an "operator" the court observed that this was a vehicle "for hire" and that it was in the business of carrying passengers.\par
4. This definition would seem to describe a man/women who is using the road as a place of business, or in other words, a person engaged in the "privilege" of using the road for gain.\par
5. This definition, then, is a further clarification of the distinction mentioned earlier, and therefore:6. Travelling upon and transporting one's property upon the public roads as a matter of Right meets the definition of a traveler.\par
7. Using the road as a place of business as a matter of privilege meets the definition of a driver or an operator or both.\par
9.) TRAFFIC\par
1. Having defined the terms "automobile," "motor vehicle," "traveler," "driver," and "operator," the next term to define is "traffic":\par
2. "...Traffic thereon is to some extent destructive, therefore, the prevention of unnecessary duplication of auto transportation service will lengthen the life of the highways or reduce the cost of maintenance, the revenue derived by the state...will also tend toward the public welfare by producing at the expense of those operating for private gain, some small part of the cost of repairing the wear..." Northern Pacific R.R. Co. vs. Schoenfeldt, 213 P. 26.\par
3. Note: In the above, Justice Tolman expounded upon the key of raising revenue by taxing the "privilege" to use the public roads "at the expense of those operating for gain."\par
4. In this case, the word "traffic" is used in conjunction with the unnecessary Auto Transportation Service, or in other words, "vehicles for hire." The word "traffic" is another word which is to be strictly construed to the conducting of business.\par
5. "Traffic -- Commerce, trade, sale or exchange of merchandise, bills, money, or the like. The passing of goods and commodities from one to another for an equivalent in goods or money..." Bovier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed., p. 3307.\par
6. Here again, notice that this definition refers to one "conducting business." No mention is made of one who is travelling in his automobile. This definition is of one who is engaged in the passing of a commodity or goods in exchange for money, i.e.., vehicles for hire.\par
7. Furthermore, the word "traffic" and "travel" must have different meanings which the courts recognize. The difference is recognized in Ex Parte Dickey, supra:\par
8. "...in addition to this, cabs, hackney coaches, omnibuses, taxicabs, and hacks, when unnecessarily numerous, interfere with the ordinary traffic and travel and obstruct them."\par
9. The court, by using both terms, signified its recognition of a distinction between the two. But, what was the distinction? We have already defined both terms, but to clear up any doubt:\par
10. "The word `traffic' is manifestly used here in secondary sense, and has reference to the business of transportation rather than to its primary meaning of interchange of commodities." Allen vs. City of Bellingham, 163 P. 18.\par
11. Here the Supreme Court of the State of Washington has defined the word "traffic" (in either its primary or secondary sense) in reference to business, and not to mere travel! So it is clear that the term "traffic" is business related and therefore, it is a "privilege." The net result being that "traffic" is brought under the (police) power of the legislature. The term has no application to one who is not using the roads as a place of business.\par
10.) LICENSE\par
1. It seems only proper to define the word "license," as the definition of this word will be extremely important in understanding the statutes as they are properly applied:\par
2. "The permission, by competent authority to do an act which without permission, would be illegal, a trespass, or a tort." People vs. Henderson, 218 NW.2d 2, 4.\par
3. "Leave to do a thing which licensor could prevent." Western Electric Co. vs. Pacent Reproducer Corp., 42 F.2d 116, 118.\par
4. In order for these two definitions to apply in this case, the state would have to take up the position that the exercise of a Constitutional Right to use the public roads in the ordinary course of life and business is illegal, a trespass, or a tort, which the state could then regulate or prevent.\par
5. This position, however, would raise magnitudinous Constitutional questions as this position would be diametrically opposed to fundamental Constitutional Law. (See "Conversion of a Right to a Crime," infra.)\par
6. In the instant case, the proper definition of a "license" is:\par
7. "a permit, granted by an appropriate governmental body, generally for consideration, to a, firm, or corporation, to pursue some occupation or to carry on some business which is subject to regulation under the police power." [emphasis added] Rosenblatt vs. California State Board of Pharmacy, 158 P.2d 199, 203.\par
8. This definition would fall more in line with the "privilege" of carrying on business on the streets.\par
9. Most people tend to think that "licensing" is imposed by the state for the purpose of raising revenue, yet there may well be more subtle reasons contemplated; for when one seeks permission from someone to do something he invokes the jurisdiction of the "licensor" which, in this case, is the state. In essence, the licensee may well be seeking to be regulated by the "licensor."\par
10. "A license fee is a charge made primarily for regulation, with the fee to cover costs and expenses of supervision or regulation." State vs. Jackson, 60 Wisc.2d 700; 211 NW.2d 480, 487.\par
11. The fee is the price; the regulation or control of the licensee is the real aim of the legislation.\par
12. Are these licenses really used to fund legitimate government, or are they nothing more than a subtle introduction of police power into every facet of our lives? Have our "enforcement agencies" been diverted from crime prevention, perhaps through no fault of their own, instead now busying themselves as they "check" our papers to see that all are properly endorsed by the state?\par
13. How much longer will it be before we are forced to get a license for our lawn mowers, or before our wives will need a license for her "blender" or "mixer?" They all have motors on them and the state can always use the revenue.\par
11.) POLICE POWER\par
1. The confusion of the police power with the power of taxation usually arises in cases where the police power has affixed a penalty to a certain act, or where it requires licenses to be obtained and a certain sum be paid for certain occupations. The power used in the instant case cannot, however, be the power of taxation since an attempt to levy a tax upon a Right would be open to Constitutional objection. (See "taxing power," infra.)\par
2. Each law relating to the use of police power must ask three questions:\par
\par
"3.. Is there threatened danger?\par
4. Does a regulation involve a Constitutional Right?\par
5. Is this regulation reasonable?" People vs. Smith, 108 Am.St.Rep. 715; Bovier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed., under "Police Power."\par
6. When applying these three questions to the statute in question, some very important issues emerge.\par
7. First, "is there a threatened danger" in the individual using his automobile on the public highways, in the ordinary course of life and business?\par
8. The answer is No! There is nothing inherently dangerous in the use of an automobile when it is carefully managed. Their guidance, speed, and noise are subject to a quick and easy control, under a competent and considerate manager, it is as harmless on the road as a horse and buggy.\par
9. It is the manner of managing the automobile, and that alone, which threatens the safety of the public. The ability to stop quickly and to respond quickly to guidance would seem to make the automobile one of the least dangerous conveyances. (See Yale Law Journal, December, 1905.)\par
10. "The automobile is not inherently dangerous." Cohens vs. Meadow, 89 SE 876; Blair vs. Broadmore, 93 SE 532.\par
11. To deprive all men/women of the Right to use the road in the ordinary course of life and business, because one might, in the future, become dangerous, would be a deprivation not only of the Right to travel, but also the Right to due process. (See "Due Process," infra.)\par
12. Next, does the regulation involve a Constitutional Right?\par
13. This question has already been addressed and answered in this brief, and need not be reinforced other than to remind this Court that this man/women does have the Right to travel upon the public highway by automobile in the ordinary course of life and business. It can therefore be concluded that this regulation does involve a Constitutional Right.\par
14. The third question is the most important in this case. "Is this regulation reasonable?"\par
\par
15. The answer is No! It will be shown later in "Regulation," infra., that this licensing statute is oppressive and could be effectively administered by less oppressive means.\par
16. Although the Fourteenth Amendment does not interfere with the proper exercise of the police power, in accordance with the general principle that the power must be exercised so as not to invade unreasonably the rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution, it is established beyond question that every state power, including the police power, is limited by the Fourteenth Amendment (and others) and by the inhibitions there imposed.\par
17. Moreover, the ultimate test of the propriety of police power regulations must be found in the Fourteenth Amendment, since it operates to limit the field of the police power to the extent of preventing the enforcement of statutes in denial of Rights that the Amendment protects. (See Parks vs. State, 64 NE 682.)\par
18. "With regard particularly to the U.S. Constitution, it is elementary that a Right secured or protected by that document cannot be overthrown or impaired by any state police authority." Connolly vs. Union Sewer Pipe Co., 184 US 540; Lafarier vs. Grand Trunk R.R. Co., 24 A. 848; O'Neil vs. Providence Amusement Co., 108 A. 887.\par
19. "The police power of the state must be exercised in subordination to the provisions of the U.S. Constitution." [emphasis added] Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Co. vs. State Highway Commission, 294 US 613; Bacahanan vs. Wanley, 245 US 60.\par
20. "It is well settled that the Constitutional Rights protected from invasion by the police power, include Rights safeguarded both by express and implied prohibitions in the Constitutions." Tiche vs. Osborne, 131 A. 60.\par
21. "As a rule, fundamental limitations of regulations under the police power are found in the spirit of the Constitutions, not in the letter, although they are just as efficient as if expressed in the clearest language." Mehlos vs. Milwaukee, 146 NW 882.\par
22. As it applies in the instant case, the language of the Fifth Amendment is clear:\par
23. No man/women shall be...deprived of Life, Liberty, or Property without due process of law.\par
24. As has been shown, the courts at all levels have firmly established an absolute Right to travel.\par
25. In the instant case, the state, by applying commercial statutes to all entities, natural and artificial persons alike, has deprived this free and natural man/women of the Right of Liberty, without cause and without due process of law.\par
\par
12.) DUE PROCESS\par
1. "The essential elements of due process of law are...Notice and The Opportunity to defend." Simon vs. Craft, 182 US 427.\par
2. Yet, not one individual has been given notice of the loss of his/her Right, let alone before signing the license (contract). Nor were the people given any opportunity to defend against the loss of his/her right to travel, by automobile, on the highways, in the ordinary course of life and business. This amounts to an arbitrary deprivation of Liberty.\par
3. "There should be no arbitrary deprivation of Life or Liberty..." Barbour vs. Connolly, 113 US 27, 31; Yick Wo vs. Hopkins, 118 US 356.\par
and...\par
4. "The right to travel is part of the Liberty of which the people cannot deprived without due process of law under the Fifth Amendment. This Right was emerging as early as the Magna Carta." Kent vs. Dulles, 357 US 116 (1958).\par
5. The focal point of this question of police power and due process must balance upon the point of making the public highways a safe place for the public to travel. If a man travels in a manner that creates actual damage, an action would lie (civilly) for recovery of damages. The state could then also proceed against the individual to deprive him of his Right to use the public highways, for cause. This process would fulfill the due process requirements of the Fifth Amendment while at the same time insuring that Rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution and the state constitutions would be protected.\par
6. But unless or until harm or damage (a crime) is committed, there is no cause for interference in the private affairs or actions of the people.\par
7. One of the most famous and perhaps the most quoted definitions of due process of law, is that of Daniel Webster in his Dartmouth College Case (4 Wheat 518), in which he declared that by due process is meant "a law which hears before it condemns, which proceeds upon inquiry, and renders judgment only after trial." (See also State vs. Strasburg, 110 P. 1020; Dennis vs. Moses, 52 P. 333.)\par
8. Somewhat similar is the statement that is a rule as old as the law that "no one shall be personally bound (restricted) until he has had his day in court," by which is meant, until he has been duly cited to appear and has been afforded an opportunity to be heard. Judgment without such citation and opportunity lacks all the attributes of a judicial determination; it is judicial usurpation and it is oppressive and can never be upheld where it is fairly administered. (12 Am.Jur. [1st] Const. Law, Sect.573, p.269.)\par
9. Note: This sounds like the process used to deprive one of the "privilege" of operating a motor vehicle "for hire." It should be kept in mind, however, that we are discussing the arbitrary deprivation of the Right to use the road that all the people have "in common."\par
10. The futility of the state's position can be most easily observed in the 1959 Washington Attorney General's opinion on a similar issue:\par
11. "The distinction between the Right of the people to use the public highways for private, rather than commercial purposes is recognized..."\par
and...\par
12. "Under its power to regulate private uses of our highways, our legislature has required that motor vehicle operators be licensed (I.C. 49-307). Undoubtedly, the primary purpose of this requirement is to insure, as far as possible, that all motor vehicle operators will be competent and qualified, thereby reducing the potential hazard or risk of harm, to which other users of the highways might otherwise be subject. But once having complied with this regulatory provision, by obtaining the required license, a motorist enjoys the privilege of travelling freely upon the highways..." Washington A.G.O. 59-60 No. 88, p. 11.\par
13. This alarming opinion appears to be saying that every man/women using an automobile as a matter of Right, must give up the Right and convert the Right into a privilege. This is accomplished under the guise of regulation. This statement is indicative of the insensitivity, even the ignorance, of the government to the limits placed upon governments by and through the several constitutions.\par
14. This legal theory may have been able to stand in 1959; however, as of 1966, in the United States Supreme Court decision in Miranda, even this weak defense of the state's actions must fall.\par
15. "Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them." Miranda vs. Arizona, 384 US 436, 491.\par
16. Thus the legislature does not have the power to abrogate the people's Right to travel upon the public roads, by passing legislation forcing the people to waive his/her Right and convert that Right into a privilege. Furthermore, we have previously established that this "privilege" has been defined as applying only to those who are "conducting business in the streets" or "operating for-hire vehicles."\par
17. The legislature has attempted, by legislative fiat, to deprive the people of his/her Right to use the roads in the ordinary course of life and business, without affording the people the safeguard of "due process of law." This has been accomplished under supposed powers of regulation.\par
13.) REGULATION\par
1. "In addition to the requirement that regulations governing the use of the highways must not be violation of constitutional guarantees, the prime essentials of such regulation are reasonableness, impartiality, and definiteness or certainty." 25 Am.Jur. (1st) Highways, Sect.260.\par
and...\par
2. "Moreover, a distinction must be observed between the regulation of an activity which may be engaged in as a matter of right and one carried on by government sufferance of permission." Davis vs. Massachusetts, 167 US 43; Pachard vs. Banton, supra.\par
3. One can say for certain that these regulations are impartial since they are being applied to all, even though they are clearly beyond the limits of the legislative powers. However, we must consider whether such regulations are reasonable and non-violative of constitutional guarantees.\par
4. First, let us consider the reasonableness of this statute requiring all persons to be licensed (presuming that we are applying this statute to all persons using the public roads). In determining the reasonableness of the statute we need only ask two questions:\par
5. Does the statute accomplish its stated goal?\par
6. The answer is No!\par
7. The attempted explanation for this regulation "to insure the safety of the public by insuring, as much as possible, that all are competent and qualified."\par
8. However, one can keep his license without retesting, from the time he/she is first licensed until the day he/she dies, without regard to the competency of the person, by merely renewing said license before it expires. It is therefore possible to completely skirt the goal of this attempted regulation, thus proving that this regulation does not accomplish its goal.\par
9. Furthermore, by testing and licensing, the state gives the appearance of underwriting the competence of the licensees, and could therefore be held liable for failures, accidents, etc. caused by licensees.\par
10. . Is the statute reasonable?\par
11. The answer is No!\par
12. This statute cannot be determined to be reasonable since it requires to the people to give up his or her natural Right to travel unrestricted in order to accept the privilege. The purported goal of this statute could be met by much less oppressive regulations, i.e., competency tests and certificates of competency before using an automobile upon the public roads. (This is exactly the situation in the aviation sector.)\par
13. But isn't this what we have now?\par
14. The answer is No! The real purpose of this license is much more insidious. When one signs the license, he/she gives up his/her Constitutional Right to travel in order to accept and exercise a privilege. After signing the license, a quasi-contract, the people have to give the state his/her consent to be prosecuted for constructive crimes and quasi-criminal actions where there is no harm done and no damaged property.\par
15. These prosecutions take place without affording the people of their Constitutional Rights and guarantees such a the Right to a trial by jury of twelve persons and the Right to counsel, as well as the normal safeguards such as proof of intent and a corpus dilecti and a grand jury indictment. These unconstitutional prosecutions take place because the people are exercising a privilege and has given his/her "implied consent" to legislative enactments designed to control interstate commerce, a regulatable enterprise under the police power of the state.\par
16. We must now conclude that the people are forced to give up Constitutional guarantees of "Right" in order to exercise his state "privilege" to travel upon the public highways in the ordinary course of life and business.\par
\par
14.) SURRENDER OF RIGHTS\par
\par
1. The people cannot be forced to give up his/her Rights in the name of regulation.\par
2. "...the only limitations found restricting the right of the state to condition the use of the public highways as a means of vehicular transportation for compensation are (1) that the state must not exact of those it permits to use the highways for hauling for gain that they surrender any of their inherent U.S. Constitutional Rights as a condition precedent to obtaining permission for such use..." [emphasis added] Riley vs. Laeson, 142 So. 619; Stephenson vs. Binford, supra.\par
3. If one cannot be placed in a position of being forced to surrender Rights in order to exercise a privilege, how much more must this maxim of law, then, apply when one is simply exercising (putting into use) a Right?\par
4. "To be that statute which would deprive the people of the rights of people or property, without a regular trial, according to the course and usage of the common law, would not be the law of the land." Hoke vs. Henderson, 15 NC 15.\par
and...\par
5. "We find it intolerable that one Constitutional Right should have to be surrendered in order to assert another." Simons vs. United States, 390 US 389.\par
6. Since the state requires that one give up Rights in order to exercise the privilege of driving, the regulation cannot stand under the police power, due process, or regulation, but must be exposed as a statute which is oppressive and one which has been misapplied to deprive the people of Rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution and the state constitutions.\par
15.) TAXING POWER\par
1. "Any claim that this statute is a taxing statute would be immediately open to severe Constitutional objections. If it could be said that the state had the power to tax a Right, this would enable the state to destroy Rights guaranteed by the constitution through the use of oppressive taxation. The question herein, is one of the state taxing the Right to travel by the ordinary modes of the day, and whether this is a legislative object of the state taxation.\par
2. The views advanced herein are neither novel nor unsupported by authority. The question of taxing power of the states has been repeatedly considered by the Supreme Court. The Right of the state to impede or embarrass the Constitutional operation of the U.S. Government or the Rights which the people hold under it, has been uniformly denied." McCulloch vs. Maryland, 4 Wheat 316.\par
3. The power to tax is the power to destroy, and if the state is given the power to destroy Rights through taxation, the framers of the Constitution wrote that document in vain.\par
4. "...It may be said that a tax of one dollar for passing through the state cannot sensibly affect any function of government or deprive the people of any valuable Right. But if a state can tax...a passenger of one dollar, it can tax him a thousand dollars." Crandall vs. Nevada, 6 Wall 35, 46.\par
and...\par
5. "If the Right of passing through a state by the people of the United States is one guaranteed by the Constitution, it must be sacred from state taxation." Ibid., p.47.\par
Therefore, the Right of travel must be kept sacred from all forms of state taxation and if this argument is used by the state as a defense of the enforcement of this statute, then this argument also must fail.\par
\par
16.) CONVERSION OF A RIGHT TO A CRIME\par
\par
1. As previously demonstrated,the people have the Right to travel and to transport his property upon the public highways in the ordinary course of life and business. However, if one exercises this Right to travel (without first giving up the Right and converting that Right into a privilege) the people is by statute, guilty of a crime. This amounts to converting the exercise of a Constitutional Right into a crime.\par
2. Recall the Miller vs. U.S. and Snerer vs. Cullen quotes from p.5, and,\par
3. "The state cannot diminish Rights of the people." Hurtado vs. California, 110 US 516.\par
and...\par
4. "Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them." Miranda, supra.\par
5. Indeed, the very purpose for creating the state under the limitations of the constitution was to protect the rights of the people from intrusion, particularly by the forces of government.\par
6. So we can see that any attempt by the legislature to make the act of using the public highways as a matter of Right into a crime, is void upon its face.\par
7. Any man/women who claims his Right to travel upon the highways, and so exercises that Right, cannot be tried for a crime of doing so. And yet, this Freeman stands before this court today to answer charges for the "crime" of exercising his Right to Liberty.\par
8. As we have already shown, the term "drive" can only apply to those who are employed in the business of transportation for hire. It has been shown that freedom includes the people 's Right to use the public highways in the ordinary course of life and business without license or regulation by the police powers of the state.\par
\par
17.) CONCLUSION\par
\par
1. It is the duty of the court to recognize the substance of things and not the mere form.\par
2. "The courts are not bound by mere form, nor are they to be misled by mere pretenses. They are at liberty -- indeed they are under a solemn duty -- to look at the substance of things, whenever they enter upon the inquiry whether the legislature has transcended the limits of its authority. If, therefore, a statute purported to have been enacted to protect...the public safety, has no real or substantial relation to those objects or is a palpable invasion of Rights secured by the fundamental law, it is the duty of the courts to so adjudge, and thereby give effect to the Constitution." Mulger vs. Kansas, 123 US 623, 661.\par
and...\par
3. "It is the duty of the courts to be watchful for the Constitutional rights of the citizen and against any stealthy encroachments thereon." Boyd vs. United States, 116 US 616.\par
5. The courts are "duty bound" to recognize and stop the "stealthy encroachments" which have been made upon the people's Right to travel and to use the roads to transport his property in the "ordinary course of life and business." (Hadfield, supra.)\par
6. Further, the court must recognize that the Right to travel is part of the Liberty of which a man/women cannot be deprived without specific cause and without the "due process of law" guaranteed in the Fifth Amendment. (Kent, supra.)\par
7. The history of this "invasion" of the people's Right to use the public highways shows clearly that the legislature simply found a heretofore untapped source of revenue, got greedy, and attempted to enforce a statute in an unconstitutional manner upon those free and natural individuals who have a Right to travel upon the highways. This was not attempted in an outright action, but in a slow, meticulous, calculated encroachment upon the people's Right to travel.\par
8. This position must be accepted unless the prosecutor can show his authority for the position that the "use of the road in the ordinary course of life and business" is a privilege.\par
9. To rule in any other manner, without clear authority for an adverse ruling, will infringe upon fundamental and basic concepts of Constitutional law. This position, that a Right cannot be regulated under any guise, must be accepted without concern for the monetary loss of the State.\par
10. "Disobedience or evasion of a Constitutional Mandate cannot be tolerated, even though such disobedience may, at least temporarily, promote in some respects the best interests of the public." Slote vs. Examination, 112 ALR 660.\par
and...\par
11. "Economic necessity cannot justify a disregard of Constitutional guarantee." Riley vs. Carter, 79 ALR 1018; 16 Am.Jur. (2nd), Const. Law, Sect.81.\par
and...\par
12. "Constitutional Rights cannot be denied simply because of hostility to their assertions and exercise; vindication of conceded Constitutional Rights cannot be made dependent upon any theory that it is less expensive to deny them than to afford them." Watson vs. Memphis, 375 US 526.\par
13. Therefore, the Court's decision in the instant case must be made without the issue of cost to the state being taken into consideration, as that issue is irrelevant. The state cannot lose money that it never had a right to demand from the "Sovereign People."\par
14. Finally, we come to the issue of "public policy." It could be argued that the "licensing scheme" of all men/women is a matter of "public policy." However, if this argument is used, it too must fail, as:\par
15. "No public policy of a state can be allowed to override the positive guarantees of the U.S. Constitution." 16 Am.Jur. (2nd), Const. Law, Sect.70.\par
16. So even "public policy" cannot abrogate this man/women Right to travel and to use the public highways in the ordinary course of life and business.\par
\par
18.) Therefore, it must be concluded that:\par
\par
1. "We have repeatedly held that the legislature may regulate the use of the highways for carrying on business for private gain and that such regulation is a valid exercise of the police power." Northern Pacific R.R. Co., supra.\par
and...\par
2. "The act in question is a valid regulation, and as such is binding upon all who use the highway for the purpose of private gain." Ibid.\par
3. Any other construction of this statute would render it unconstitutional as applied to this man/women or any man/women. The Accused therefore moves this court to dismiss the charge against him, with prejudice.\par
In addition:\par
4. Since no notice is given to people applying for driver's (or other) licenses that they have a perfect right to use the roads without any permission, and that they surrender valuable rights by taking on the regulation system of license, the state has committed a massive construction fraud. This occurs when any person is told that they must have a license in order to use the public roads and highways.\par
5. The license, being a legal contract under which the state is empowered with policing powers is only valid when the licensee takes on the burdens of the contract and bargains away his or her rights knowingly, intentionally, and voluntarily.\par
6. Few know that the driver's license is a contract without which the police are powerless to regulate the people's actions or activities.\par
7. Few if any licensees intentionally surrender valuable rights. They are told that they must have the license. As we have seen, this is not the case.\par
8. No one in their right mind voluntarily surrenders complete liberty and accepts in its place a set of regulations.\par
9. "The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion." Edmund Burke, 1784.\par
\par
                                                       REMEDY\par
\par
All hwy safety and motor vehicle booklets must be pulled and corrected to only address COMMERCIAL DRIVERS  there must be clear sign's letting the public know and understand that a driver license only is needed by one who is being paid to haul passengers or goods, further more, all Employee's will be requires to understand the law regarding this matter, to use FULL disclosure to every one they talk to, to inform them they are not required to obtain this license for private use.\par
\par
All driver license bureaus must have clear signage indicating there office to be for COMMERCIAL LICENSE ONLY, failure to comply with this will result in a one million dollar a day fine, that would be used to educate the public on this matter of great importance.\par
\par
please respond in writing within 72 hours of receiving this letter failure to comply with the law, will lead to further criminal prosecution of any and all actors, employees, private contractors, police chiefs, elected sheriffs, JUDGES , PROSECUTERS who choose to ignore this violation as described within this notice.\par
\par
Please respond accordingly, under full commercial and criminal liability.\par
\par
We The People  \par
\par
autograph by: __________________________________________\par
\par
\par
autograph by: __________________________________________\par
\par
\par
notary by: _____________________________________________\par
}
 