{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24 Point 015. Affiant has no record or evidence that jurisdiction is not, hereby, challenged for lack of access to Article III courts, as per EXHIBIT 015 - NOTICE OF CHALLENGE OF JURISDICTION FOR LACK OF ACCESS TO ARTICLE III COURTS.\par
\par
ADMIT - Libellees listed in this document admit and agree to the truth and guilt of the fact that no Article III Courts are available to Affiant, to Affiant's hurt and injury.\par
\par
\par
\f1\fs20\par
\par
\f0\fs32 EXHIBIT 015 - NOTICE OF CHALLENGE OF JURISDICTION for Lack of Access to Article III Courts\f1\fs20\par
\par
\par
\par
\f0\fs24\par
Point 015 - 01) In \ul\b\i Balzac v. People of Porto Rico\ulnone\b0\i0 , 258 U.S. 298 (1922) Chief Justice William Howard Taft explains that:\par
\par
The \ul United States District Court\ulnone  is \ul\b not\ulnone\b0  a \ul\b true United States court\ulnone\b0  established under article 3 of the Constitution to administer the judicial power of the United States therein conveyed. It is created by virtue of the sovereign congressional faculty, granted under article 4, 3, of that instrument, of making all needful rules and regulations \ul respecting the territory \b belonging\ulnone  to\b0  the United States. The resemblance of its jurisdiction to that of true United States courts, in offering an opportunity to nonresidents of resorting to a tribunal not subject to local influence, does not change its character as a \ul mere territorial court\ulnone .\par
\par
 \par
\par
Point 015 - 02) Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes clarifies the distinction between "United States District Court" and "District Court of the United States"  in \ul\b\i Mookini v. United States\ulnone\b0\i0 , 303 U.S. 201 (1938)\par
\par
The term "District Courts of the United States," as used in the rules, without an addition expressing a wider connotation, has its historic significance. It describes the constitutional courts created under article 3 of the Constitution. Courts of the Territories are \ul legislative courts\ulnone , properly speaking, and are \ul\b not\b0  District Courts of the United States\ulnone . We have often held that vesting a territorial court with jurisdiction \b similar\b0  to that vested in the District Courts of the United States does not make it a "District Court of the United States".    \par
\par
 \par
\par
Point 015 - 03) Associate Justice John Paul Stevens in \ul\b\i Nguyen v. United States\ulnone\b0\i0  takes these precedents and creates Article III United States District Courts:\par
\par
 Moreover, we do not read the designation statute without regard for the "historic significance" of the term "United States District Court" used in Title 28. \ul\b\i Mookini v. United States\ulnone\b0\i0 , 303 U. S. 201, 205 (1938). "[W]ithout an addition expressing a wider connotation," that term ordinarily excludes Article IV territorial courts, even when their jurisdiction is similar to that of a United States District Court created under Article III. Ibid. See also \ul\b\i Summers v. United States\ulnone\b0\i0 , 231 U. S. 92, 101-102 (1913) ("[T]he courts of the Territories may have such jurisdiction of cases arising under the Constitution and laws of the United States as is vested in the circuit and district courts, but this does not make them circuit and district courts of the United States")\par
\par
 \par
\par
Point 015 - 04) The term "United States District Court" does not appear in \ul\b\i Mookini v. United States\ulnone\b0\i0 , 303 U.S. 201 (1938).  The "historic significance"  is of the term "District Courts of the United States" not United States District Courts.\par
\par
 \par
Point 015 - 05) This brings us to the "Final Solution" to the question of continuing government lies:  The U.S. Supreme Court should be exposed as a non-judicial court.  Here is an easy way to prove it using the Constitution:\par
\par
 The Constitution created "one supreme Court" and left it to Congress to "ordain and establish" Judges who "hold their Offices during good Behaviour" and receive "a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office."\par
\par
Instead of completing the Constitution's supreme Court, Congress created an Article IV U.S. Supreme Court with Justices without life tenure and compensation which can be diminished.  \ul\b Justices cannot be equated to Judges of the supreme Court without violating Article V of the Constitution\ulnone\b0 .  \par
\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f2\fs20\par
\par
\f0\fs24 The USDC isn't even an Article I Court, as Agencies are outside of the government.\line\line\line The constitutional origin of the USDC is the \line Territory Clause at 4:3:2 (INSIDE the government!); \line see \ul\b\i American Insurance v. 356 Bales of Cotton\ulnone\b0\i0\line and \ul\b\i Balzac v. Porto Rico\ulnone\b0\i0 , as two stellar examples:\line\f2\fs20\line\line\line\line\f0\fs24 One of the great masters of Constitution, Chief Justice John Marshall, writing in the year 1828, Justice Marshall makes a very clear distinction between judicial courts, authorized by Article III, and legislative (territorial) courts, authorized by Article IV. Marshall even utilizes some of the exact wording of Article IV to differentiate those courts from Article III "judicial power" courts, as follows:\line\line "These [territorial] courts then, are \ul\b not Constitutional courts\ulnone\b0 , in which the judicial power conferred by the Constitution on the general government can be deposited. \ul They are incapable of receiving it\ulnone . They are legislative courts, created in virtue of the \ul general rights of \b sovereignty\b0  which \b exists \b0 in the \b government\ulnone\b0 ,\cf1  \cf0 or in virtue of that clause which enables Congress to make all needful rules and regulations, respecting the territory \ul belonging\ulnone  to the United States. \ul The jurisdiction with which they are invested, is not a part of that judicial power which is defined in the 3d article of the Constitution\ulnone , but is conferred by Congress, in the execution of those general\line powers which that body possesses over the \ul\b territories\ulnone\b0  of the United States. Although \ul admiralty jurisdiction \ulnone can be \ul\b exercised in the States\ulnone\b0  in those courts only which are established in pursuance of the 3d article of the Constitution, the same limitation \ul does not extend to the territories\ulnone . In legislating for them, Congress exercises the combined powers of the general and of the State government". [\ul\b\i American Insurance Co. v. 356 Bales of Cotton\ulnone\b0\i0 ] [1 Pet. 511 (1828), emphasis added]\line\line\line Though the judicial system set up in a \ul Territory\ulnone  of the United States is a part of federal jurisdiction, the phrase "court of the United States", when used in a federal statute, is generally construed as not referring to "territorial courts." See Balzac v. Porto Rico, 258 U.S. 298 at 312 (1921), 42 S.Ct. 343, 66 L.Ed. 627. In Balzac, the high Court stated:\line\line\pard "\ul The United States District Court is not a true United States court established under Article III\ulnone  of the Constitution to administer the judicial power of the United States therein conveyed. It is \ul created \ulnone by virtue of the sovereign \ul congressional faculty, granted under Article IV\ulnone , Section 3, of that instrument, of making all needful rules and regulations respecting the \ul territory belonging to the United States\ulnone . The resemblance of its jurisdiction to that of true United States courts in \ul\b offering an opportunity to nonresidents\ulnone\b0  of resorting to a tribunal not subject to local influence, does not change its character as a \ul mere territorial court\ulnone ". [\ul\b\i Balzac v. Porto Rico\ulnone\b0\i0 , 258 U.S. 298 at 312] [42 S.Ct. 343, 66 L.Ed. 627 (1921)]\par
\par
\par
\f1\fs20\par
}
 