Brief on jurisdiction

"Once jurisdiction is challenged, the court cannot proceed when it 
clearly appears that the court lacks jurisdiction, the court has no 
authority to reach merits, but, rather, should dismiss the action." Melo 
v. US, 505 F2d 1026. "There is no discretion to ignore  that lack of 
jurisdiction." Joyce v. US, 474 F2d 215. "The burden shifts to the court 
to prove jurisdiction." Rosemond v. Lambert, 469 F2d 416. "Court must 
prove on the record, all jurisdiction facts related to the jurisdiction 
asserted." Lantana v. Hopper, 102 F2d 188; Chicago v. New York, 37 F 
Supp 150. "A universal principle as old as the law is that a proceedings 
of a court without jurisdiction are a nullity and its judgment therein 
without effect either on person or property." Norwood v. Renfield, 34 C 
329; Ex parte Giambonini, 49 P. 732. "Jurisdiction is fundamental and a 
judgment rendered by a court that does not have jurisdiction to hear is 
void ab initio."  In Re Application of Wyatt, 300 P. 132; Re Cavitt, 118 
P2d 846. "Thus, where a judicial tribunal has no jurisdiction of the 
subject matter on which it assumes to act, its proceedings are 
absolutely void in the fullest sense of the term."  Dillon v. Dillon, 
187 P 27. "A court has no jurisdiction to determine its own 
jurisdiction, for a basic issue in any case before a tribunal is its 
power to act, and a court must have the authority to decide that 
question in the first instance." Rescue Army v. Municipal Court of Los 
Angeles, 171 P2d 8; 331  US 549, 91 L. ed. 1666, 67 S.Ct. 1409. "A 
departure by a court from those recognized and established requirements 
of law, however close apparent adherence to mere form in method of 
procedure, which has the effect of depriving one of a constitutional 
right, is an excess of jurisdiction." Wuest v. Wuest, 127 P2d 934, 937. 
"Where a court failed to observe safeguards, it amounts to denial of due 
process of law, court is deprived of juris." Merritt v. Hunter, C.A. 
Kansas 170 F2d 739.  "the fact that the petitioner was released on a 
promise to appear before a magistrate for an arraignment, that fact is 
circumstance to be considered in determining whether in first instance 
there was a probable cause for the arrest." Monroe v. Papa, DC, Ill. 
1963, 221 F Supp 685.

And, you may find this interesting as well:

"An action by  Department of Motor Vehicles, whether directly or through 
a court sitting administratively as the hearing officer, must be clearly 
defined in the statute before it has subject matter jurisdiction, 
without such  jurisdiction of the licensee, all acts of the agency, by 
its employees, agents, hearing officers, are null and void." Doolan v. 
Carr, 125  US 618; City v Pearson, 181 Cal. 640. "Agency,  or party 
sitting for the agency,  (which would be the magistrate of a municipal 
court) has no authority to enforce as to any licensee unless he is 
acting for compensation. Such an act is highly penal in nature, and 
should not be construed to include anything which is not embraced within 
its terms. (Where) there is no charge within a complaint that the 
accused was employed for compensation to do the act complained of, or 
that the act constituted part of a contract." Schomig v. Kaiser, 189 Cal 
596. "When acting to enforce a statute and its subsequent amendments to 
the present date, the judge of the municipal court is acting as an 
administrative officer and not in a judicial capacity; courts in 
administering or  enforcing statutes do not act judicially, but merely 
ministerially". Thompson v. Smith, 154 SE 583. "A judge ceases to sit as 
a judicial officer because the governing principle of administrative law 
provides that courts are prohibited from substituting their evidence, 
testimony, record, arguments, and rationale for that of the agency. 
Additionally, courts are prohibited from substituting their judgment for 
that of the agency. Courts in administrative issues are prohibited from 
even listening to or hearing arguments, presentation, or rational." ASIS 
v.   US, 568 F2d 284.  "Ministerial officers are incompetent to receive 
grants of judicial power from the legislature, their acts in attempting 
to exercise such  powers are necessarily nullities." Burns v. Sup. Ct., 
SF, 140 Cal. 1. "The  elementary  doctrine  that  the  constitutionality 
of  a legislative act is open to attack only by persons whose rights are 
affected thereby, applies to statute relating to administrative 
agencies, the validity of which may not be called into question in the 
absence of a showing of substantial harm, actual or impending, to a 
legally protected interest directly resulting from the enforcement of 
the statute." Board of Trade v. Olson, 262 US 1; 29 ALR 2d 1051.

