{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
    PUBLIC NOTICE\par
\par
\par
    30 DAY NOTICE TO RESPOND TO ANY RESPONSIBLE PARTY INVOLVED\par
\par
    i ken of the ball house, declare fraud upon the court\par
    for the following reasons:\par
\par
    attention court officers, judges, bailiffs, clerk personnel , this notice is to inform you of crimes being committed by this court and its officers.\par
\par
    in regards to the most basic liberty we have, right of locomotion by private conveyance.\par
\par
    Mr. McCune, and his criminal behavior, I witness by him in the Marion county court on August 15, 2013.\par
\par
    I only pleaded guilty to your hearing under extreme duress, threat, coercion of being jailed, it was clear if I even thought about stating my rights in your court room of injustice i would go to jail. I reserve my rights under duress, and inform you that no plead is entered in this case as you have no case, no jurisdiction has been confirmed, from the August 15th 2013 hearing.\par
\par
    Any plea you think you have is null and void. I do consent and i will never willing consent to you engaging the upper caps name known as KENNETH SCOTT BALL the strawman, PERSON CORPORATION created with out my consent or knowledge. by constructive fraud , take notice to your paper work I was forced to sign under duress, which clearly indicates a person, which by lawful terms is a corporation. your threats and your criminal actions caging me for trying to exercise my 1st amendment right n a court of law, was nothing more then an action taken by a criminal dictator.\par
\par
    Your idea of comparing the court room to a movie theater was very offensive to the rule of law it self. the idea of some yelling fire in a crowded movie theater is not, and cannot be compared to a court of law.\par
\par
    I was shocked at your almost hour long speech in which you made it your practice to misinform everyone there about drivers license responsibilities. you were most informative on how much of a threat it is to hold such a license, but i say what absolute crap you laid on everyone in that hearing.\par
\par
    I never heard you tell anyone , including my self that a drivers license is only required by those hauling passengers or goods, some one being paid behind the wheel. This is nothing less then fraud being committed against the people. it will be my personal responsibility to inform as many people as i can about this criminal presentation you gave on August 15, 2013 at start time of 1pm.\par
\par
    I preparing my writ to inform all agencies involved with your criminal enterprise of fraud and malfeasance, please explain to me in writing under full oath and commercial liability,\par
    what is a driver ?\par
    what is an operator ?\par
    what is a motor vehicle?\par
    Where do you think you have jurisdiction ?\par
    What is the Highway safety and motor vehicle act ?\par
    Have you taken the time to see the video evidence of the alleged violation, or the facts surrounding this alleged violation of law?\par
    I would suggest that you take a look at youtube.com or don't look at the truth, it will come out anyway, it already is out. " my kidnapping for exercising my personal liberties with my personal property". This video evidence is airing coast to coast:\par
\par
    http://scannedretina.com/2013/08/10/the-kidnapping-of-ken-scott-ball/\par
\par
    if you think for one minute you acted in honor, i will inform you there was no honor in your deception, I will also inform you, that truth was in the court room and you denied that truth with threats of jail.\par
\par
    I will keep this short and sweet, you need to step down from the bench and understand just how many people are now aware of your dishonesty 1400 people just on my personal friends list, along with 10's of thousands of people all over the country, and all over the world, and those numbers will keep growing sir, and you will be ashamed for your part of this dishonor i am revealing to everyone .\par
    I have sat here in my home a prisoner for weeks since this crime spree against began, not able to take care of my most basic needs and responsibilities. I am moving forward with law suits that will be coming on the private side, non judicial administrative notice for treason and breach of your oath of office, which brings me to another sore spot. you had no oath of office to provide me on request. None of the court officers would provide me with proper I.D. and or bond or private liability insurance.This is a violation of due process, operating out of uniform and a clear breach of public trust.\par
\par
    You denied my challenge for subject mater jurisdiction , but never provided me in writing or even verbal explanation of how that could be, as to why it was not the perfect defense in this matter. I will try to make you aware of the youtube video which clearly shows I never consented to contracting with deputy Snodgrass, as well as no violation of public safety had occurred. I was simply stopped to serve me an injunction, which was dismissed by judge Pope, who also stated in that hearing, how did this injunction ever even get issued. he was a man with honor, you mr. McCune are not.\par
\par
    If you think that this issue will go away , you sir are very mistaken, now that i am aware of this situation, i will not rest till it is known by everyone, breaching the trust of the public, lieing under oath to a room full of people, even making the statement it is just as bad to have no (commercial license), oh no wait , you never told the truth, that it is, in fact, a commercial license, only required by those who are being paid to HAUL PASSENGERS AND GOODS !!!, YOUR HAND ARE DIRTY .\par
    i suggest you step down from the bench sir , it would be the only honorable thing to do, i do think for a minute that you are not fully aware of your actions, if not then i apologize, but ignorance of the law is no excuse.\par
\par
    A non disclosure law suit of and by the people is under way, for non disclosure of the license and DMV being requires only of commercial drivers.\par
\par
    i will suggest you drop this issue with me and end your liberty suppression being waged by your dishonor along with my own brother in law sheriff Chris Blair, he will have his own responsibility to face in this crime against me the flesh & blood soulful being typing this letter.\par
\par
    if you think for one moment there is any honor is suppressing me by coercion, duress and jail of a mans most basic liberty , it is considered endowed to us by out creator. A liberty freedom so basic it takes no constitution to uphold it.\par
    I told you in your court of deception , i was an uninfranchised freeman, not a corporation, you have no authority to ignore your jurisdictional over reach. Only the dishonor i describe in this letter.\par
\par
    i hope you understand because you chose this over reach for revenue, and to continue this charade of deception, you will be facing criminal charges for your part. a title 18 241, 242 is in the works, i will give you one opportunity to settle this account with me, and move forward to full disclosure of the facts regarding drivers license and what they are truly for.\par
\par
    If you continue to play hard ball sir you will find your self facing a common law grand jury.\par
\par
    May i also remind you that the apostolic letter put out by the Vatican which removes all immunity to all corporate officers, do you think i don't know that your a private contractor ?\par
\par
    Do you think that i do not understand the collusion taking place in the court room by BAR card holding buddies, like the prosecutor, and the public pretender ?\par
    Which is a violation of the Taft Hartley act, the smith act, and is a union ship in the court room.\par
\par
    So please explain to me how it is supposed to be thought that i received and honor or fair treatment in your court of deception ?\par
\par
    I was not operating a commercial vehicle, i was not and never agreed to contract , nor do you have a signed contract by me . I do not consent to you r jurisdiction and will not ever consent to your fraud, i will not patronize you in this letter the way i was forced to in your court of deception fraud, force, duress, coercion and intimidation.\par
\par
    No victim, No crime , no victim or real party of interest, so there for no crime. case not only dismissed, but it doesn't even have an element to be a case.\par
    you insist on converting my kidnapping into a crime, my right is not a privileged, it is so basic, it cannot be put to a vote and it cannot be changed by the out come of an election.\par
\par
    So if you think you are MY creator who has say over my body and my basic right of necessity, you sir are NOT !!! i belong to jesus, and you sir are trying the wrong spirit, for vengeance is mine saith the lord, not kens, so you sir are warned, it is described as it would be better if a milestone were hung around your neck, you were dropped in the deepest part of the ocean. This to do harm to the least of these little ones, you lied to everyone there, you should repent for your deeds, before it is too late.\par
\par
    Lets talk about the hardships of having no personal liberty in Marion county Florida, why would this be ? why would my own brother in law sheriff Blair who obviously is either as evil and crooked as the court was about my personal liberties. or he just doesn't know, either way ignorance of the law is no excuse,\par
    No way to buy groceries, no way to care for my live stock , no way to get personal items, no way to prepare for my case, no way top get to court house to file documents, no way to do anything on my own. having to depend on others to get anything done, just so you can continue to milk teh public for revenue, by practicing non disclosure, everyone you have told these lies to is a victim.\par
\par
    THIS IS MARTIAL LAW !!!\par
\par
    i hope you are taking this as seriously as it is, I expect to hear of the threatening removed from my liberties as soon as you acknowledge this receiving of the letter.\par
    The supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.\rdblquote  The judicial\par
\par
    Power of the United States of America extends to all Treaties made under the authority of the Constitution\par
    and it has original jurisdiction (trial court capacity) over any such case where a State shall be a Party.\par
\par
    The implications of this observation are stunning, to say the least. Anyone care to put it to the test?\par
\par
    Hey here is a little family history, so i am not mistaken for an alien, or held to being attacked under the trading with the enemy act,\par
\par
    http://www.mountvernon.org/educational-resources/encyclopedia/coat-of-arms\par
    Coat of Arms | George Washington's Mount Vernon\par
    www.mountvernon.org\par
\par
    The early lineage of the Washington family line can be traced back to Sir William de Hertburn. Upon being granted the lordship of Wessyngton, a small rural estate located in northeast England, Hertburn adopted the name of his new estate. The historic records show that Sir William de Wessyngton\rquote s son...\par
\par
    . http://www.mountvernon.org/educational-resources/encyclopedia/ball-family\par
    Ball Family | George Washington's Mount Vernon\par
    www.mountvernon.org\par
\par
    The Ball family line connects to George Washington through his maternal lineage. The first member of the Ball family to come to America was George Washington's great-grandfather, William Ball (1615- c.1680), who arrived in Virginia in the 1650s and later brought over his wife, Hannah Atherold (died\'85\par
\par
    With respect to the founding fathers and the most basic liberty we have, that of unrestricted locomotion by way of private automobile conveyance, a fee schedule has been placed on the public record.\par
\par
    I would also like to inform you of mr. Zues, the attorney for the county recorders office, denying me access to file on public record. this is a clear violation of my right to contract, it is an obvious impairment of contract. No state may pass any law impairing the obligation of contract. this is also a 1st amendment right violation.\par
\par
    If you think me or other folks are going to just sit by while you run your military tribunal on me and others like me, you are very mistaken again.\par
\par
    We have no contract and we will never have any contracts, i have and am in process of allodial title and ownership my private auto , ending on the record all contracts derived by fraud, per the deceptive words of the motor vehicle act wording, the wording that makes everyone believe they have to sign in as a commercial vehicle and commercial status driver.\par
\par
    Shame on you and this entire criminal process, that is nothing less then martial laws being waged on Americans.\par
\par
    bottom line is this, Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them." Miranda vs. Arizona, 384 US 436, 491.\par
\par
    and...\par
\par
    "The claim and exercise of a constitutional Right cannot be converted into a crime." Miller vs. U.S., 230 F. 486, 489.\par
\par
    and...\par
\par
    "There can be no sanction or penalty imposed upon one because of this exercise of constitutional Rights." Snerer vs. Cullen, 481 F. 946.\par
\par
\par
    Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them." Miranda vs. Arizona, 384 US 436, 491.\par
\par
    and...\par
\par
    "The claim and exercise of a constitutional Right cannot be converted into a crime." Miller vs. U.S., 230 F. 486, 489.\par
\par
    and...\par
\par
    "There can be no sanction or penalty imposed upon one because of this exercise of constitutional Rights." Snerer vs. Cullen, 481 F. 946.\par
\par
    "The use of the highways for the purpose of travel and transportation is not a mere privilege, but a common and fundamental Right of which the public and the individual cannot be rightfully deprived." [emphasis added] Chicago Motor Coach vs. Chicago, 169 NE 22; Ligare vs. Chicago, 28 NE 934; Boon vs. Clark, 214 SSW 607; 25 Am.Jur. (1st) Highways Sect.163.\par
\par
\par
    Since no notice is given to people applying for driver's (or other) licenses that they have a perfect right to use the roads without any permission, and that they surrender valuable rights by taking on the regulation system of licensure, the state has committed a massive construction fraud. This occurs when any person is told that they must have a license in order to use the public roads and highways.\par
\par
    The license, being a legal contract under which the state is empowered with policing powers is only valid when the licensee takes on the burdens of the contract and bargains away his or her rights knowingly, intentionally, and voluntarily.\par
\par
    Few know that the driver's license is a contract without which the police are powerless to regulate the people's actions or activities.\par
\par
    Few if any licensees intentionally surrender valuable rights. They are told that they must have the license. As we have seen, this is not the case.\par
\par
    Color of law, color of authority violates Title 18 USC 241, 242 of our basic substantive and inalienable rights which can NEVER be converted into a crime. Also violates our guarantee to due process and equal protection under LAW! Other violations include Title 18 USC 4-misprision of felony, official oppression, abuse of legal process, denial of affirmative offense, trespass, fraud upon the court, Title 18 USC 2381-2387-TREASON, taft Hartley act 1947-running a closed union shop to BARRISTER members only, smith act 1952-advocating the overthrow of Article 4 Sect. 4 The "judge" is also violating his Judicial Ethics Rules of Canon. Guilty of Title 18 USC 1621-perjury by taking a false oath, Title 18 USC 1918-disloyalty, Title 28 USC 144-Prejudice AND Bias, Title 28 USC 454-455...oh my and the list goes on and on and on. Check out there "oath of office" Ken, you will find they are not administered properly nor are they in compliance with Title 22 CFR 92.12-92.31 being that they are "Foreign Agents" pursuant to Title 22\par
\par
    CONSTRUCTIVE FRAUD\par
    "Constructive fraud: A contract or act, which, not originating in evil design and contrivance to perpetuate a positive fraud or injury upon other persons, yet, by its necessary tendency to deceive or mislead them, or to violate a public or private confidence, or to impair or injure public interest, is deemed equally reprehensible with positive fraud, and therefore is prohibited by law, ... " Bovier's Law Dictionary - 1856 Edition\par
    "Fraud vitiates the most solemn contracts, documents, and even judgments." i.e. Documents, Constitutions, Court Decisions\'85.. U.S. vs. Throckmorton, 98 U.S. 61\par
    1. The United States went "Bankrupt" in 1933 and was declared so by President Roosevelt by Executive Orders 6073, 6102, 6111, and 6260, (See: Senate Report 93-549, pages 187 & 594) under the "Trading With The Enemy Act" (Sixty-Fifth Congress, Sess. I, Chs. 105, 106, October 6, 1917), and as codified at 12 U.S.C.A. 95a.\par
    2. The several States of the Union then pledged the faith and credit thereof to the aid of the National Government, and formed numerous committees, such as the "Council of State Governments", "Social Security Administration", etc., to purportedly deal with the contrived economic "Emergency" caused by the bankruptcy. These Organizations operated under the "Declaration of Interdependence" of January 22, 1937, and published some of their activities in " Book Of The States."\par
    NOTE: The Council of State Governments has now been absorbed into such things as the "National Conference Of Commissioners On Uniform State Laws", whose Headquarters Office is located at 676 North St. Clair Street, Suite 1700, Chicago, Illinois 60611, and "all" being "members of the Bar", and operating under a different "Constitution and by-laws" has promulgated, lobbied for, passed, adjudicated and ordered the implementation and execution of their purported statutory provisions, to "help implement international treaties of the United States or where world uniformity would be desirable." (See: 1990/1991 Reference Book, National Council of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws, pg. 2)\par
    This is apparently what Robert Bork meant when he wrote "we are governed not by law or elected representatives but by an unelected, unrepresentative, unaccountable committee of lawyers applying no will but their own." (See: The Tempting Of America, Robert H. Bork, pg. 130)\par
    3. In view of Robert H. Bork's statement, it is more than worthy of note that there is an "Original" 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution called the "Title of Nobility" Amendment that reads:\par
    "If any citizen of the United States shall accept, claim, receive or retain any title of nobility or honor, or shall, without the consent of congress, accept and retain any present, pension, office or emolument of any kind whatever, from any emperor, king, prince or foreign power, such person shall cease to be a citizen of the United States, and shall be incapable of holding any office of trust or profit under them, or either of them."\par
    4. In January, 1810, Senator Philip Reed of Maryland proposed the "Title of Nobility" Amendment (History of Congress, Proceedings of the Senate, p. 529-530). On April 27, 1810, the Senate voted to pass this 13th Amendment by a vote of 26 to 1; the House resolved in the affirmative 87 to 3; and the resolve was sent to the States for ratification: By Dec. 10, 1812, twelve of the required thirteen States had ratified as follows: Maryland, Dec. 25, 1810; Kentucky, Jan. 31, 1811; Ohio, Jan. 31, 1811; Delaware, Feb. 2, 1811; Pennsylvania, Feb. 6, 1811; New Jersey, Feb. 13, 1811; Vermont, Oct. 24, 1811; Tennessee, Nov. 21, 1811; Georgia, Dec. 13, 1811; North Carolina, Dec. 23, 1811; Massachusetts, Feb. 27, 1812;New Hampshire, Dec. 10, 1812. Before a thirteenth State could ratify, the War of 1812 broke out and interupted this very rapid move for ratification.\par
    On May 13, 1813, the State of Connecticut failed to ratify this original 13th Amendment, leaving it to Virginia to be the required 13th state to ratify. Virginia ratified with the March 12, 1819 publication of the Laws of Virginia. Connecticut then published it in four separate editions of "The Public Statute Laws of the State of Connecticut" as a part of the U.S. Constitution in 1821, 1824, 1835 and 1839. Then, without record or explanation, it mysteriously disappeared from subsequent editions prior to the Civil War between the states. However, printing by a legislature is prima facie evidence of ratification, and it has been found to have been printed as part of the Constitution by many of the other states until after the Civil War and into the Reconstruction period - when it mysteriously disappeared from all subsequent printings, the last official publication found being the 1876 Laws of the Territory of Wyoming Frontis Page, Amendment 13.\par
    5. The Reorganization of the bankruptcy is located in Title 5 of United States Codes Annotated. The "Explanation" at the beginning of 5 U.S.C.A. is most informative reading. The "Secretary of Treasury" was appointed as the "Receiver" in Bankruptcy. (See: Reorganization Plan No. 26, 5 U.S.C.A. 903, Public Law 94-564, Legislative History, pg. 5967) Since a bankrupt loses control over his business, this appointment to the "Office of Receiver" in bankruptcy had to have been made by the "creditors" who are "foreign powers or principals".\par
    6. The United States as Corporator, (22 U.S.C.A. 286E, et seq.) and "State" (C.R.S. 24-36- 104, C.R.S. 24-60-1301(h)) had declared "Insolvency." (See: 26 I.R.C. 165(g)(1), U.C.C. 1-201(23), C.R.S. 39-22--103.5, Westfall vs. Braley, 10 Ohio 188, 75 Am. Dec. 509, Adams vs. Richardson, 337 S.W. 2d 911; Ward vs. Smith, 7 Wall. 447) A permanent state of "Emergency" was instituted, formed and erected within the Union through the contrivance, fraud and avarice of the International Financial Institutions, Organizations, Corporations and Associations, including the Federal Reserve, their "fiscal and depository agent" -- whose member banks are "privately owned corporations". 22 U.S.C.A. 286d\par
    7. The government, by becoming a corporator, (See: 22 U.S.C.A. 286e) lays down its sovereignty and takes on that of a private citizen. It can exercise no power which is not derived from the corporate charter. (See: The Bank of the United States vs. Planters Bank of Georgia, 6 L. Ed. (9 Wheat) 244, U.S. vs. Burr, 309 U.S. 242) The real party in interest is not the de jure "United States of America" or "State", but "The Bank" and "The Fund." (22 U.S.C.A. 286, et seq., C.R.S. 11-60-103) The acts committed under fraud, force and seizures are many times done under "Letters of Marque and Reprisal" i.e. "recapture." (See: 31 U.S.C.A. 5323)\par
    THE BANKRUPTCY HAS NEVER ENDED!\par
    8. On March 17, 1993, on page 1303 of Volume 33 of the Congressional Record, Congressman Traficant stated:\par
    "Mr. Speaker, We are now here in Chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government."\par
    9. This is an amazing confession as it applies, not only to "Members of Congress," but also to the Secretary of the Treasury as the "Receiver in bankruptcy" and to all state and federal "officials" who act under the de facto authority of that bankrupt Foreign Corporation known as the United States as trustees (foreign agents) for foreign principals. Trustees work for the creditors of a bankruptcy and are agents for foreign principals. In this case the creditors are the Federal Reserve Banks, the International Monetary Fund (the Fund) and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank). (see: Who Is Running America?)\par
    10. It is worthy of note that an Attorney/Representative is required to file a "Foreign Agents Registration Statement" pursuant to 22 U.S.C.A. 611c(1)(iv), 612 & 613), when representing the interests of a Foreign Principal or Power. (See: Rabinowitz vs. Kennedy, 376 U.S. 605, 11 L. Ed. 2d 940, 18 U.S.C.A. 219 & 951)\par
    11. It is said that the economic Crash of '29 and the Great Depression was caused by the Federal Reserve withholding currency from circulation and raising interest rates after an inflationary easy money policy in the early 1920s. The Federal Reserve's fear of excessive speculation led it into a far too deflationary policy in the late 1920s: "destroying the village in order to save it."\par
    The U.S. economy was already past the peak of the business cycle when the stock market crashed in October of 1929. So it looks as though the Federal Reserve did "overdo it"--did raise interest rates too much, and bring on the recession that they had hoped to avoid.\par
    This contrived "emergency" created numerous abuses and usurpations, and abridgments of Constitutionally delegated Powers and Authority as clearly stated in Senate Report 93-549 (1973):\par
    "A majority of the people of the United States have lived all of their lives under emergency rule. For 40 years, [-1820 years now in 113] freedoms and governmental procedures guaranteed by the Constitution have in varying degrees been abridged by laws brought into force by statutes of national emergency."\par
    12. According to American Jurisprudence, 2nd Edition, Sections 71 and 82, NO "emergency" justifies a violation of any Constitutional provision. Arguendo, "Supremacy Clause" and "Separation of Powers." It is clearly admitted in Senate Report No. 93-549 that abridgment has occurred.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
    No one in their right mind voluntarily surrenders complete liberty and accepts in its place a set of regulations.\par
\par
    "The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion." Edmund Bur\par
}
 