{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20     Admiralty Maritime Law\par
\par
    Admiralty Maritime Law is the law of the sea. The way it comes on the land is by way of contract, which is essentially the same way it comes on the sea. In other words, when you go to sea, you enter into a contract with the Captain of the vessel, to be subject to all of the rules and regulations of the vessel. Part of that contract says that the Captain can do anything he wants to ensure the safety of the vessel, up to and including summary execution.\par
\par
    The most obvious application of Admiralty Maritime Law, on the land, is in the military. That is why, (when you sign up for the military), that it is an iron clad contract, you have to initial every paragraph. Your oath says that you will follow ORDERS, and desertion in a time of war carry's the death penalty. Also, military flags have gold fringe, which is actually a desecration of the flag, when done for any other purpose. The gold fringe flag is your NOTICE about the nature of the Court you are in. Therefore Admiralty Maritime Law is also Martial Law.\par
\par
    Martial Law\par
\par
    According to the US Supreme Court in Ex Parte Milligan 4 Wall. (71 U.S.) 2, 18 L.Ed. 281 p. 302, there are three kinds of Martial Law.\par
\par
    1 - Full Martial Law\par
\par
    Full Martial Law is when a Declaration of Martial Law is issued and military troops are put in the streets to control a region or district with military force. The federal armed forces with the National Guard are on every street enforcing military jurisdiction on every Citizen of the nation. This form is to be used ONLY when the nation is at War, a declared War by Congress, and should only be used on foreign soil unless the country is actually invaded by some foreign power, or to put down an armed rebellion too large to be dealt with by the civil authorities or powers of our constitutional government.\par
\par
    The first indication of the imposition of Full Martial Law (with the exception of troops actually in the streets weilding their military power) is the suspension of the constitutional civil judicial power to enforce the rights of liberty with the privilege of the Writ of Habeus Corpus.\par
\par
    2 - Martial Law Proper\par
\par
    Martial Law Proper is the law governing the internal operation of the armed forces. It is this law that is followed to control military command of the armed forces. For example, it is the law used to enforce an order of a Sergeant upon a Private. It is the law that is enforced by Courts Martial.\par
\par
    3 - Martial-Law Rule\par
\par
    Martial-Law Rule is the law of necessity and emergency. This form allows a domestic use of martial law powers, but only for as long as the necessity or emergency exist. The most dangerous thing about this form of Martial Law is that this form of Martial Law is used during times of peace. (Taken from; The Non-Ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment by Judge AH Ellett)\par
\par
    If you read the rest of The Non-Ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment by Judge AH Ellett, you will find that we have been under Martial-Law Rule since the the 1930's at a minimum, and possibly since the civil war.\par
\par
    Other places you will see Admiralty Maritime Law\par
\par
    Other places you will see Admiralty Maritime Law is at the borders stations, every court in the country (except truly common law courts - few and far between), all "Law Enforcement Agencies" - all police departments - all state police departments - all federal "alphabet" agencies - all state "alphabet" agencies, and even the County Sheriff's department when they are operating administratively. In short, every government and every government agency operates under Admiralty Maritime Law.\par
\par
    All of them recognize common law because one of the few good things that the US Congress has done is make it a felony to violate your rights "under the color of law" (18 USC \'a7 241 & 242), but they can claim ignorance (presume) and you will lose if you can't show that you provided NOTICE.\par
\par
    Other names for Admiralty Maritime Law are Private International Law, Law Merchant, Martial Law, and Canon Law. While it is admitted that there are some minor differences between each of these, the differences are minor, and they all come from Canon Law. All you have to do is read the Papal Bulls to see.\par
\par
    The government by its very nature is an Admiralty Maritime Law entity. That is why George Washington said that; "Government, like fire is a dangerous servant and a fearful master".\par
\par
    That is also why the courts have ruled;\par
\par
    "It is not the function of our government to keep the Citizen from falling into error; it is the function of the Citizen to keep the government from falling into error."\par
    American Communications Ass'n v. Douds, 339 U.S. 382, 442.\par
\par
    If "We the People" do not stay on top of the government,....like they say,....you get the government you deserve.\par
\par
    Evidence of Admiralty Maritime Law\par
\par
    Every court room in the country has a gold fringe flag in it. That is an Admiralty Maritime Law Court. The judge can hear common law cases but he will never tell you and if you are being charged with something, and unless it is a common law offense, like murder, it is an Admiralty Maritime Law case. In all of the paperwork, they will ALWAYS spell your name in all block capital letters. Also, if they attack you, and you don't answer in the right way, you will get railroaded and we have all heard about lots of people that got railroaded. Remember, ignorance of the law is no excuse.\par
\par
    An Admiralty Maritime Law Court is literally a kangaroo court, where everything is upside down. You are not innocent until proven guilty, you are guilty until proven innocent. At common law you argue the facts but at Admitalty Maritime Law, if you argue the facts, you are guilty. The ONLY valid arguement is to argue the law. In otherwords, "I want to see your statutory and delegated authority to communicate with Me!" If you argue the facts, you are arguing the terms of the contract and have admitted the contract. Approximately 99% of the people who go into an Admiralty Maritime Law court are found guilty. It is nothing more than a commercial transaction and the prosecutor and the judge and the police officer involved are asking you to contribute to their retirement plan.\par
\par
    If you bring up arguments at the last minute, like "I am a member of the sovereignty and this doesn't apply to Me." they will completely ignore it and you will get railroaded. They will get you on their procedures.\par
\par
    There have been people who understand Admiralty Maritime Law and go in there and turn it upside down and expose it to be the circus it is, but they are few and far between. In my opinion, the best way to win in an Admiralty Maritime Law court, is to go on the attack,...long before they ever think about attacking you,...and start building a case against them for perjury of oath, sedition, and other felonies, and if they ever think they are going to invite you into their court, just file a criminal complaint and watch the case disappear, watch them get removed, and maybe even watch them get put in jail. Having said that, .....if you administrate them properly, .....when they see you coming, .....they will run and hide. I will show how I do this, later, after you have learned the basics.\par
\par
    They know that "We the People" have ALL the power. They know that they do not have a shred of authority. The ONLY reason they are doing what they are doing is because of our own ignorance of the law. FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that got birth certificates for our children and thus created the vessel.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that made application for Social Security Numbers for ourselves or for our children and thus created the means for them to make money from the vessel.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that made application for drivers licenses, and in the process swore an oath that we are a "US citizen".\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that Registered to vote, and in the process swore an oath that we are a "US citizen".\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that followed their zoning laws, and in the process furthered their misconception that they had some authority over us.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that made application for building permits, and in the process furthered their misconception that they had some authority over us.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that made us tremble in fear, when our friends or neighbors got railroaded, and in the process furthered their misconception that they had some authority over us. What is the rule of war - Divide and Conquer.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that pay taxes that we do not owe, and in the process furthered their misconception that they had some authority over us.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that doNOT form Grand Juries to bring these people to justice.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because it is we ourselves, that do NOT form Common Law juries and bring these people to justice.\par
\par
    It is our own ignorance because there is a common law remedy for all of this.\par
\par
    ZIP Codes\par
\par
    One of the ways that they have set up the Matrix is with the use of ZIP Codes. They have created a giant military base by creating an overlay over the entire country with the use of ZIP Codes, so they can circulate the military script that they call money.\par
\par
    "NOTE: As we have said, the Federal Personal Income Tax is collected under a Military Venue within a Martial-Law jurisdiction. Federal Reserve Notes are Military crip circulated within a Military Venue...... The Military Venue covering the entire United States was brought into existence through the Social Security Act. Under the Social Security Act, there was brought into existence Ten Federal Regional Areas. These ten federal regional areas are the same as a military base. It is not unconstitutional to circulate "military scrip" on a military base as the base is considered to be a military venue. "Military scrip" cannot circulate in the civil jurisdiction on the several states. To get around this Constitutional bar, the Congress (via the Social Security Act), created Ten Military Venues, called "Federal Regional Areas." The problem the Congress realized was, while Congress could restructure the Government Agencies into these Federal Regional Areas, the people could not be identified to be within this Military Venue by their own consent. The solution was to create another Military Venue which would trick the people to voluntarily accept the recognition that they are within a Military Venue. Congress solved this problem by creating the ZIP CODE." Dyett v Turner 439 P2d 266, The Expose of the Non-Ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment [emphasis is in the original]\par
\par
    Federal Reserve Notes\par
\par
    Federal Reserve Notes are forced loans, according to the US Supreme Court.\par
\par
    "The forced loans of 1862 and 1863, in the form of legal tender notes, were vital forces in the struggle for national supremacy. They formed a part of the public debt of the United States...." Julliard v Greenman, 110 US 432\par
\par
    Federal Reserve Notes are supposed to be redeemable, according to 12 USC \'a7 411, but they are ONLY "legal tender" and therefore, they are commercial paper, and also military scrip.\par
}
 