{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf0 GB East Middle School\
Mr. Harbin and whoever Else this may concern,\
\
I am baffled Mr. Harbin; let me try to comprehend what you are trying to convey in your letter you sent to me. In the letter you gave a copy of a document which shows my husbands and son's signature on it. This document that I have seen, only the page you sent with signatures on it in the mail, is stating the release of the District and everyone, including you, of all liability of my child's related to his/her ability or inability to use the District's technology resources. \'a0It pretty much states that ,I, as the parent, am responsible for my child's use of the District's technology resources and you are not. \'a0It also implies to respect the District's technology resources, such as Internal and external network infrastructures, computers, and internet access;... (many other items that you know). \'a0This paper, then states, that if the parent and child DO NOT SIGN, "[they] will not be able to use the District's technology resources, until this Agreement has been signed by both the child and the parent."\
\
Title 18 USC section 241 and 242 (is written here) but I am writing this over again to publish it so these can be found by looking up on the internet and copy pasting if interested and do not know these. \
\
It would be a criminal act and a criminal charge could be made against anyone who, under color of law, deprives my son of his education for violating this unlawful 'policy', or by not signing it, which makes it not binding and conflicts with LAW, the Right of the Parent. Between the two, the LAW \'a0must supersede.\
\
I have not lost my Constitutional protections inside a government facility or anywhere else for that matter. Tommy may need to use this equipment for his 'quality education', items, I might add, that I pay for him to use, along with your 'very well paid job'. So, I expect, even with the signature to stand under your arbitrary law, in my USA school, is against the law, and I will charge anyone for trying to enforce a 'policy' that removes my rights, without me even signing. \'a0This paper shows a threat of ot being allowed to use the equipment or other needed items for a quality education if the child or the parent does not sign the paper; a threat of a lesser education, I might add by the STATE. \'a0So if my child is deprived of any right, privilege, or immunities which any of the other children are allowed to use or anything he is using now, this is the U.S. Code I will charge you with.\
\
What you are expecting me to believe is by my husband's signing and agreeing to respect this governments (the people's) facility's equipment, stated in this policy; and for that as parents, we sign our custodial and parental rights and Constitutional protections to an arbitrary power inside my government facility, and I just cannot believe it. \'a0If it was true, I would have a Civil Duty to the people who fought the King of England to make us all free of oppression, to be free as kings, under god alone, to fight this policy. So here I am demanding proof of Claim of Right of Authority that says a Us government facility that I pay can coerce me under color of law and threat, and has more authority than my Claim of Right of Authority as parent to Tommy. \'a0I want you to produce this document that supersedes the Bill of Rights protections \'a0I have, if you cannot produce this, I expect you and your staff to follow my policy within this letter for my son.\
\
Additionally, we have in this school, agents and employees like Ms. Milstead whose belief is children have no rights at all. \'a0All who I talked with, in this matter, at this school think that this policy makes it so the District does not have to have checks and balances; which would give protection to our child/ren. \'a0Not only is that policy ignorant of the law; which shown in 18 U.S.C 242 that no policy or statute can deprive us of our god-given rights, it is also forcing parents and/or citizens under threat and color of law into 'voluntarily' signing their constitutional rights to a school that is a government ran facility is usurping The People's Founding Documents; a treasonous act. It is treasonous to entrap the citizens of this city, by coercing he parent by use of a threat of denying a quality education to our children. \'a0\
\
Regardless, my son was not using any of your technology resources services when he was in the lunch room, he was not disturbing others, or doing anything that hurt or injured any statute inside that handbook that I certainly never signed, or agreed to. \'a0I appreciate your need to waive your responsibility also within this paper you sent to me that stated WE MUST SIGN to et a quality education. \'a0This is not East Germany, yet and I do still know I can invoke my protections, and my child can invoke his and refuse to waive his rights, regardless of a coerced, under threat of penalty, signature of MY minor son.\
\
I will respectfully accept to honor that signature of my husband's if you understand my rights and honor my guidelines I have set for my cild's use of the cell phone that I give him in possession which is, but not limited to:\
\
1. My son at lunch and to and from class is allowed to use the cell phone and talk to whoever he wants. \'a0Just because "someone' might do something wrong doesn't give the state the right to keep all children in what seems to be, in my view, a cage without any rights.\
\
2. If my son feels threatened by anyone, adult or another child/ren he has a right to record or use his phone to call for help.\
\
3. If my son see's someone else being abused or being threatened, he has a right to use the phone to record and/or call for help\
\
4. If he is in class and a teacher is abusing another student or himself he is allowed to use the recording device or the phone to call for help.\
\
5. If I am calling him, and he is in class, he may quietly walk out of the room and go into the hall and find out what is the matter, since I would only call him in cases of emergency. \'a0Besides that he will not answer phone calls within a classroom setting or miss out on his education that I am providing him. \'a0He will respect \'a0everyone's right to this education we ALL are paying for.\
\
6. The last one is not concerning the phone but is concerning Tommy. No one besides the approved people on the list we signed over, at the beginning of the year can have contact or speak to Tommy inside this school or outside who is not a teach, or staff of this school without me being there or an independent representation of me that I have chosen on the approved list. \'a0The PERSONS this includes that are NOT allowed to speak or have contact with Tommy are, but is not limited to: Police officers, any AGENT of the STATE, social worker, doctor, nurse, or any 'stranger' no matter what title they hold in front of their name. \'a0The only exception I make here is a doctor IF there happened to be one and Tommy was in need of care and contact to me was attempted but unsuccessful. \'a0Besides that I hereby, invoke my rights as the responsible person of Tommy that you do not allow anyone, without proof of a court order or warrant, to have any contact whatsoever with my son while he is in your care. \'a0If this is violated I will charge this school to the fullest extent of the law.\
\
If these conditions are met I will agree to consider your policy agreement. \'a0If not, I will stand under the writ of Habeas Corpus and the 14th amendment's right to DUE PROCESS OF LAW. \'a0I invoke and refuse to waive my fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures. I do not consent to an search or seizure of myself, or my son, in my home, or of any property in our possession. \'a0If anyone for any reason unlawfully seizes the property that is lawfully mine, which this paper has shown, is a clear violation of my rights, as a citizen and taxpayer, who pays your nicely paid for salary, as you stated on the phone, I will charge them. Hopefully there will not be two of you doing it against my son because I would hate for your complete obedience to 'an unlawful policy to wind you in prison for 'no more than 10 years'\
\
I am not giving Tommy free reign, however he is an individual and I, and he, expect that we be treated as such. \'a0We are not a corporation; we are living 'being's that breath oxygen. I cannot be threatened to be denied a quality education for my son because I invoke or refuse to waive my god-given protective rights, which include; but not limited to, custodial and parental rights, and the right to due process and the right to a quality education for my son.\
\
So, although, I can respect the rules that are inside your policy, i.e. to respect order and the rights of others, I still hold, of my own right, to invoke the protections of the Common Law and refuse to waive them away to replace them with an arbitrary policy where checks and balances are not seen. \'a0I revoke the signature of my son from off of the policy which you believe takes away his natural god-given rights.\
\
In addition my son's suspension paper stated that my son 'refused numerous times' to hand over the phone, that I told him not to give to anyone. Regardless, the phone was handed over to Ms. Milstead under duress. \'a0It was under duress and I want it noted that Tommy did not refuse to give Ms. Milstead the phone. It was on condition for Ms. Milstead to call his mom, me, to ask permission for Tommy to give it to Ms. Milstead, which she 'numerously denied this right' to my son. \'a0I also want it noted that Ms. Milstead refused to call me, his mother, when he specifically told Ms. Milstead that his mother told him not to hand over the phone, to anyone. \'a0I am considering in charging Ms. Milstead under the 18 USC section 242 dependent on how you will discipline her for denying Tommy his due right to call his mother or father. \'a0Her denial to my son of his rights was nothing more than a self -aggrandizing action undertaken simply for the pleasure of exercising control over other people and this act was an overstep in authority, by Ms. Milstead. \'a0It may be true that children CAN be limited in which rights they can exercise, BUT it is the PARENT that determines these restrictions, NOT the STATE and especially not a school counsellor. Her belief of our children, not having any rights, is a disgusting abuse of power and I want disciplinary action taken against Ms. Milstead for not calling me when my son first told her that his mom said that it was against the Constitution for her to remove his mom's property and for her to call me if she wanted my phone. \'a0He, most definitely should not have been bullied and threatened by an adult who is no less a counselor, or be denied his due process which is the parent is to be called. \'a0We are individuals and because of it, we have a great country that seems to be going in the wrong direction. \'a0What kind of people think that children don't have rights and why are they counselors to my kid? \'a0It is very scary to know what type of person thinks they can do anything they want to a child, without consequence, working in the school.\
\
It in not within your right, Mr. Harbin, and are not, in my view, being 'extremely fair' or consistent when enforcing this rule. \'a0To be 'fair' and consistent in a free society, you should not be acting like an arbitrary power. \'a0If you were 'being extremely fair' you would be giving them time to use their devices. \'a0There is no way to win this by dictatorial authority in a country where the dictatorial authority is shunned. \'a0We are free in this world and this includes our children. \'a0I implore this school to let these kids out of their cages and watch hem soar. \'a0We cannot punish a whole 1100 kids because one might do something that the school easily can get out of by being culpable for, by just having the children and parents \'a0sign a different policy paper that states just like this current one does that by us signing this aper makes you free of liability. \'a0It is that simple. \'a0We have done away with many dictators in the past several years. I will not stand by and watch an arbitrary authority trample my right, by seizing or confiscating my property, unlawfully, in my own state or in my own school which I have paid for my children to go. I am a living 'being' and of my own right.\
\
In conclusion, the school is responsible for giving my son an equal and well education in a safe environment by law. \'a0My son's responsibility is to the other students and staff to be respectful and not to hinder or trample on any other persons rights, while getting an education. \'a0I do not consent to this agreement and revoke any signature that may be determined, by you, or anyone else for that matter, where someone might construe that I am not the responsible adult for my son and refuse to waive my natural right to raise my child/ren in the way I deem right, under god.\
\
}