{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf0 This letter was sent to me after speaking on the phone with me and letting me know that Tommy had been the first to not get detention because "I had told him not to hand over my phone to anyone" \'a0He stated that because I had done that he would not get into trouble 'this time'. \'a0However the reason he did not do it is because I gave the school the link below and the Principle had said after I asked if my son was going to have detention and giving them the link below she said, "I will have to put this on hold until I speak with out school attorney. \'a0The next day the VP called and sent me this letter to 'understand' what was said over the phone... really however, none of this was talked of over the phone.\
\
This is the letter sent to me in the mail by the VP of the school:\
\
Dear Mrs. Stergiopoulos\
\
I was not in school yesterday afternoon and learned this morning that you had taken exception to rules established by the GB Board of Ed. and included in the district's Student Rights and Responsibilities Handbook. This Handbook is reviewed and revised every two years by a committee made up of students, parents, teachers, police liaison officers, building level administrators, other school district personnel, and chaired by the Assistant Superintendent. After this review and revision process is completed \'a0it is then reviewed by the school district's attorney to ensure that no rules violate an individuals rights. \'a0(it does and this is my words to you Ketan) The Handbook is then presented to the GB Board of Education to review and approve. \'a0The current Handbook has been through this entire process and was approved by the GB Board of Ed. \'a0At the beginning of each school year I review the Handbook with all of the students. We also ask for the student's and parent's signature on the AUP form indicating that the student and parent have read and understand the the Student Rights and Responsibilities Handbook. \'a0I have enclosed a copy of the AUP form that your son turned in to the school. As you can see your HUSBAND and Tommy both signed the form indicating that they had read and understand on this issue but, as a school district, we are well within our rights to enforce the rules established in the Handbook. We try extremely hard to be as fair and consistent as possible when enforcing these rules. \'a0I say this just to let you know that in the future your son will be held accountable to these rules and assigned consequences just like all of the rest of our nearly 1100 student body.\
\
Sincerely,\
M.P. Harbin.}