{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 THE free man or woman __________________________has a Constitutionally \ldblquote protected FROM govt\rdblquote  and Lawful RIGHT TO TRAVEL Freely through any of the united States without the need of permission or a license from any federal,State, City or Political Subdivision\par
\par
You are hereby served LAWFUL NOTICE that the free man or woman is  traveling and is exercising his Right to Travel and is therefore *EXEMPT* from the limited jurisdiction of your local state/city Motor Vehicle Code, operating under a Federal jurisdiction of contract citizens..\par
 \par
This free-traveler is NOT SUBJECT to your statutorily limited police authority, and DOES NOT CONSENT TO AN IVESTIGATION.\line\line Also note:this traveler:\par
\par
A. Is NOT engaged in any COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY that may properly fall under the limited ADMINISTRATIVE jurisdiction of your \ldblquote law\rdblquote  enforcement authority (NOTE: The Motor Vehicle Code is not a CRIMINAL code and is (at best), ONLY applicable to commercially licensed taxis, transport/trucking companies, etc.)\par
\par
B. Is NOT operating a \ldblquote MOTOR VEHICLE\rdblquote  as legally defined under 18 USC 31\par
i.e., "Motor Vehicle" means every description or other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for \b\i commercial purposes\b0\i0  on the highways in the transportation of passengers, or passengers and property.\par
\par
C. Is NOT a motor-vehicle \ldblquote OPERATOR\rdblquote  as defined BY LAW, and therefore,\par
NOT required to possess an \ldblquote Operator's License\rdblquote  i.e., "a permit, granted by an appropriate governmental body, generally for consideration, to a person, firm, or corporation, to pursue some occupation or to carry on some business which is subject to regulation under the police power." [emphasis added] Rosenblatt vs. California State Board of Pharmacy, 158 P.2d 199, 203. "Driver -- One employed in conducting a coach, carriage, wagon, or other vehicle..." Bovier's Law Dictionary, 1914 ed., p.940.\par
\par
This document is LAWFUL and LEGAL NOTICE that this traffic stop, detainment, arrest, property search or seizure, or any other interference with the Rightful travel of this man or woman is being made under COLOR OF LAW (i.e., without bona fide legal authority) and that further detainment of this traveler (or his property) is a direct VIOLATION of 42 USC 1983, deprivation of Civil Rights (Biven's Acts) and other deprivations of DUE PROCESS. Should you continue in this Act, you can, and will be, held *PERSONALLY LIABLE* FOR ALL DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL & PUNITIVE DAMAGES.\par
\par
Regardless of your professional training and/or personal BELIEFS regarding the \ldblquote Motor Vehicle\rdblquote  regulations, your refusal to IMMEDIATELY RELEASE this private man or woman-traveler and his property will constitute an UNLAWFUL ACT, rendering you *PERSONALLY* LIABLE to answer to such charges in U.S. District Court.\par
\par
In your official capacity as a police officer, you are legally PRESUMED TO KNOW\par
THE LIMITS OF YOUR LEGAL AUTHORITY. Officers who commit Acts ultra vires,\par
(i.e., under Color of Law \endash  again, without proper legal authority) by law, cannot be provided legal representation by their enforcement agency. By this NOTICE, you are also hereby barred from raising ignorance of the content put forth in this NOTICE\par
as an affirmative defense in any subsequent legal proceeding.\par
\par
Beyond this, any unlawful Acts you may commit will likely subject your \ldblquote law enforcement\rdblquote  employer to similar liability, financial damages and injunctive prohibitions for engaging in the systemic and willful and deliberate deprivation of this travelers' free, unimpeded use of the highways and free exercise of the Right To Travel.\par
\par
As the state and Supreme Court cases cited below clearly establish, the man or woman you have stopped has a CONSTITUTIONAL and UNALIENABLE PROTECTED RIGHT to TRAVEL upon the highway WITHOUT any \ldblquote License\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Registration\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Proof Of Insurance.\par
\par
Every state constitution & subsequent state laws enacted are subordinate to and subject to the aforementioned Supreme Law of the land, PROTECTING THE RIGHT of individuals within the states or even the U.S.\par
 \par
The Constitution for the United States of America limits government and the Supreme Court decisions, state the individual has the right to travel freely throughout the United States of America, without the need or encumbrance of a \ldblquote Driver's License:\rdblquote  \line\par
NO state law can overrule or contradict that law and those decisions.\par
 \par
The United States code plainly states what a \ldblquote Motor Vehicle\rdblquote  is, & NO state has the right to interpret it differently. Nor, can they ignore, usurp, abrogate, nullify or overrule the    U.S. Code.\par
 \par
The United States is a signatory of an International Treaty or Convention, & every state in the union is a signatory of, bound by, subject to and are to uphold that treaty.\par
 \par
Exactly what does the Constitution, supreme court decisions and U.S. Code say about the citizen's right to travel?\line\par
Supreme Court Decisions which pertain to a Citizen's Right to Travel\par
\par
Thompson v. Smith 155 Va. 367, 154 S.E. 579, 71 ALR 604 (1930)\par
\ldblquote The right of a citizen to travel upon the public highways and to transport his property thereon in the ordinary course of life and business is a common right which he has under his right to enjoy life and liberty, to acquire and possess property, and pursue happiness and security. It includes the right in so doing to use the ordinary and usual conveyances of the day, and includes the right to operate an automobile thereon, for the usual and ordinary purposes of life and business. It is not a privilege, like the privilege of moving a house on the street, operating a business stand on the street, or transporting persons or property for hire along the street, which a city may permit or prohibit at will.\rdblquote\par
\par
Shuttlesworth v. Birmingham 394 US 147 (1969) [not: 373 US 262(63)]\par
\ldblquote ...our decisions have made clear that a person faced with...an unconstitutional licensing law may ignore it and engage with impunity in the exercise of the right...for which the law purports to require a license.\rdblquote\par
 \par
The Passenger Cases (7 Howard) 7 How. 283 (1849)\par
\ldblquote We are all citizens of the United States; and, as members of the same community, must have the right to pass and repass through every part of it without interruption.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Murdock v. Pennsylvania 319 US 105 (1943)\par
\ldblquote A state may not impose a charge for the enjoyment of a right granted by the Federal Constitution. \par
 \par
Kent v. Dulles 357 US 116 (1958)\par
\ldblquote The right to travel is a part of the 'liberty' of which the citizen cannot be deprived without the due process of law under the fifth amendment.\rdblquote\par
 \par
NAACP vs. Alabama 357 US 449 (1958)\par
\ldblquote Like the right of association [the right to travel freely] is a virtually unconditional personal right guaranteed by the constitution to us all.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Aphtheker v. Sec. Of State 378 US 500 (1964)United States v. Guest 383 US 745 (1966)\par
\ldblquote ...a personal liberty protected by the Bill of Rights...Freedom of travel is a constitutional liberty closely related to the rights of free speech and association...the constitutional right to travel has been firmly established and repeatedly recognized...that a right so elementary was conceived from the beginning...In any event, freedom to travel throughout the United States has long been recognized as a basic right under the constitution.\rdblquote\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
Shapiro v. Thompson 394 US 618 (1969)\par
\ldblquote ...freedom to travel is an element of the \ldblquote liberty\rdblquote  secured by [the due process clause of the fifth amendment.]\rdblquote\par
 \par
Constitutionally Guaranteed Right Cannot Be Converted Into A Crime\par
 \par
Miller v. US (5th Circuit) 230 F. 2d. 486 (1956)\par
\ldblquote The claim and exercise of a constitutional right cannot thus be converted into a crime\rdblquote\par
 \par
Miranda v. Arizona 384 US 436 (1966)\par
\ldblquote Where rights are secured by the constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Hale v. Henkel 201 US 43 (1906)\par
\ldblquote ...There is a clear distinction...between an individual and a corporation...The individual may stand upon his constitutional rights as a citizen. He is entitled to carry on his private business in his own way...He owes nothing to the public so long as he does not trespass upon their rights. Upon the other hand, the corporation is a creature of the state...it's powers are limited by law.\rdblquote  \par
\par
Byars v. United States 273 US 28 (1927)\par
\ldblquote ...it is the duty of courts to be watchful for the constitutional rights of the citizen, and against any stealthy encroachment thereon.\rdblquote  \par
 \par
Marbury v. Madison (1 Cranch 170) 5 US 137 (1803)\par
\ldblquote ...a legislative act contrary to the constitution is not law...an act of the legislature repugnant to the constitution is void.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Norton v. Shelby County 118 US 425 (1886)\par
\ldblquote An unconstitutional act is not law...it imposes no duty...it is, in legal contemplation, as inoperative as though it had never been passed.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Mugler v. Kansas 123 US 623 (1887)\par
\ldblquote The supreme court of the United States is, however, the final expositor and arbiter of all disputed questions touching the scope and meaning of that sacred instrument [the US Constitution], and its decisions thereon are binding upon all courts, both state and federal.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Ex Parte Young 209 US 123 (1908)\par
\ldblquote The Eleventh Amendment provides no shield for a state official confronted by a claim that he had deprived another of a federal right under the color of state law...when a state officer acts under a state law in a manner violative of the federal constitution. And he is, in that case, stripped of his official or representative character, and is subjected in his person to the consequences of his individual conduct. The state has no power to impart to him any immunity from responsibility to the supreme authority of the United States.\rdblquote\par
 \par
Staub v. Baxley 355 US 313 (1958)\par
\ldblquote ...an ordinance which makes the peaceful enjoyment of freedoms which the constitution guarantees contingent upon the uncontrolled will of an official \endash  as by requiring a permit or license which may be granted or withheld in the discretion of such official \endash  is an unconstitutional censorship or prior restraint upon the enjoyment of those freedoms.\rdblquote\par
 \par
United States v. Jackson 390 US 570 (1968)\par
\ldblquote If a law has 'no other purpose...' than to chill the assertion of constitutional rights by penalizing those who choose to exercise them, then it [is] patently unconstitutional.\rdblquote\par
 \par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
Cohens v. Virginia (6 Wheaton) 19 US 264 (1821)\par
\ldblquote A law cannot exceed the authority of the lawgiver. We have no more right to decline the excersise of jurisdiction which is given, than to usurp that which is not given. The one or the other would be treason to the constitution. The several state legislatures and judiciaries, are all bound by solemn obligation of an oath, to support the federal constitution;...wilfully legislating in violation of that constitution...[is] guilty of perjury. [309]\rdblquote\par
\par
Evans v. United States 504 US 255 (1992)\par
\ldblquote [The] offense of extortion\rdblquote  was understood...[as] a wrongful taking under a false pretense of official right\rdblquote  [269] and citing \par
\par
White v. State, 56 Ga. 385 & 389 (1876)  [270]\par
\ldblquote generically extortion is an abuse of public justice and a misuse by oppression of the power with which the law clothes a public officer.\rdblquote\par
  \par
Black's Law Dictionary, 5th Edition (1979)\par
License (In re: Streets & Highways): \ldblquote The privilege of using the streets and highways by the operation thereon of motor carriers for hire can be acquired by permission or license from the state or it's political subdivision.\rdblquote\par
 \par
There are numerous decisions in state supreme courts throughout the United States on the right to travel. They all can be summed up best by the Virginia case:\par
 \par
The United States code expressly defines the term Motor Vehicle:\par
Title 18 U.S.C. \'a7 31 (6)\par
\par
\ldblquote The term 'motor vehicle' means every description of a carriage or other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for commercial purposes.\rdblquote\par
 \par
The Constitution for the United [Sovereign Republics] States of America\par
Article VI paragraph II:\par
\ldblquote This constitution and the laws of the United States...; and all treaties made or which shall be made...shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every state shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any state to the contrary not withstanding...\rdblquote\par
\par
"Statutes that violate the plain and obvious principles of common right and common reason are null and void." Bennett v. Boggs, 1 Baldw 60.\par
\par
 the Supreme Court says you DON'T need any form of \ldblquote license\rdblquote  or pay any \ldblquote fee,\rdblquote to enjoy your \ldblquote liberty\rdblquote  and your constitutional rights!\par
 \par
Federal Rules of Evidence, Rule 902 (3); Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, Rule 27 and Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 44 (a)(2) & (1991 Amendment) all deal with \ldblquote self-authenticating documents,\rdblquote  acknowledging that they are legal and valid as evidence for the courts and other public offices.\par
 \par
Any act to attempt to deprive a citizen of their constitutionally guaranteed rights is a direct violation of Federal Law. It is also a crime called a \ldblquote felony:\rdblquote  Title 18 USC \'a7 241 Conspiracy against rights, and \'a7 242 Deprivation of Rights under color of Law. Civil damages: Title 42 USC \'a7 1986 action for neglect to prevent; \'a7 1985 Conspiracy to interfere with civil rights and \'a7 1983 Civil action for deprivation of rights.\line\line\pard\f1 Regardless of your professional training and/or personal BELIEFS regarding the \ldblquote Motor Vehicle\rdblquote  regulations, your refusal to \par
IMMEDIATELY RELEASE this private traveler and his property will constitute an UNLAWFUL ACT, rendering you *PERSONALLY* LIABLE to answer to such charges i for violation of Constitutionally protected rights..\par
\par
In your official capacity as a police officer, you are legally PRESUMED TO KNOW  THE LIMITS OF YOUR LEGAL AUTHORITY.  Officers who commit Acts ultra vires,\par
(i.e., under Color of Law \endash  again, without proper legal authority) by law, cannot be provided legal representation by their \par
enforcement agency. \par
\par
By this NOTICE, you are also hereby barred from raising ignorance of the content put forth in this NOTICE as an affirmative defense in  any subsequent legal or lawful proceeding.\par
\par
Beyond this, any unlawful Acts you may commit will likely subject your \ldblquote law enforcement\rdblquote  employer to similar liability, financial \par
damages and injunctive prohibitions for engaging in the systemic and willful and deliberate deprivation of this travelers' free, \par
unimpeded use of the highways and free exercise of the Right To Travel.\par
\par
I declare under penalty of perjury that I have been given this notice, read it and accept the responsibility of my actions or consequences. I  also understand that I could be breaking the law in my legal capacity or duties of my job and take full responsibility and liability for said  actions.\par
\par
Date: __________________ /signature/ ____________________________________________\par
Officer Badge Number_________________________\par
\par
  Every U.S.  Police officer knows that they have sworn an oath to the people of our nation that we will not only protect their lives and  property, but, that we will uphold, and protect their freedoms and rights under the Supreme laws of this nation, - per the U. S. Constitution.\par
 \line  In this regard then, we must agree that those within government that restrict a Citizens rights, (such as restricting the peoples right to  travel,) are acting in violation of his or her oath of office and are actually committing a crime against such Citizens.  \par
\par
If we are to follow the "letter of the law (as you are sworn to do), this places officials, that involve themselves, in such unlawful acts, in a unfavorable legal situation.  \line\line For it is a felony and federal crime to violate, or deprive citizens of their Constitutionally protected rights.\f0\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
"With regard particularly to the U.S. Constitution, it is elementary that a Right secured or protected by that document cannot be overthrown or impaired by any state police authority." Connolly vs. Union Sewer Pipe Co., 184 US 540; Lafarier vs. Grand Trunk R.R. Co., 24 A. 848; O'Neil vs. Providence Amusement Co., 108 A. 887.\par
\par
"The police power of the state must be exercised in subordination to the provisions of the U.S. Constitution." [emphasis added] Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Co. vs. State Highway Commission, 294 US 613; Bacahanan vs. Wanley, 245 US 60.\par
\par
\par
}
 