{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15460\viewh13420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Notice of Understanding /\
Claim BY INVITATION: SPECIAL APPEARANCE, \
UNDER PROTEST AND DURESS /\
NOTICE of VOID AB INITIO\
OF YOUR NOTICE\
Due to Lack of Full Disclosure\
and\
Claim of ALL Rights Derived Inherently By Our Creator \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr
\cf0 CASE NO. 13129645-DL\
March  12, 2013\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 STATE OF MICHIGAN\
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - FAMILY DIVISION\
GENESEE COUNTY\
\
SANDRA K. CARLSON and\
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN\
\
Petition  # 130049\
\
I, Trudy, establish my Court on Natural Law Jurisdiction Sui Juris as an Eternal Spiritual Being, experiencing this temporal realm through a Physical (dust) Flesh and Blood Living Wo-Man, as One Flesh and Blood with my husband Thomas; in a covenant with the Creator ~ Matthew 19:5 and hereby stake our Claim of Rights as Parent AND Executor and Administrator (who sets rules, objectives, boundaries, morals, etc.) for our son and other children; which our Creator established as Law, and refute your presumption that you have the Lawful Jurisdiction to subject me to a MAN made fictitious jurisdiction. You have the Burden of Proof beyond a Preponderance Amount of Evidence to refute this Claim. I speak common English and am not an attorney \
\
Creator > Man > Government Employee  > [Man created Government, making Man Superior to Government]\
 \
As the established sequence above establishes Man >(the created)< is not greater than the Creator. So man's law's regardless of lawful or not, are not greater than the Divine Laws of Nature.  These Natural Laws are visible in every specie and every living thing the Creator made on Earth; which includes all of Mankind. ~ Genesis 1:26 This means regardless of whatever man creates it cannot change these established Natural Laws / facts. For example our Creator gave me green eyes. No Man can create a lawful statute that makes green eyes illegal. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Legal does not mean Lawful. The written law is a dead law and applies to dead entities. The living law, The Law, exists within Man and is not written. ~ Hebrews 8:10 To understand, just look to Hitler's reign for a sample of something that may be 'legal' but is not Lawful of the Divine Will of the Creator and NO Man ever has to go against his nature of the Creator's child to follow an illegal Act made by another Man or government. ~ 5th Amendment to Constitution\
\
Additionally, if any Officer upholds any ACT that is contrary to the Divine Law, which includes but not limited to the the Restraining Order on our servants that the Constitution, Bill of Rights and the Founding Principles displayed in the Declaration of Independence establishes, that Officer is in violation of his Oath and Bond, not the Living Breathing Being. \
\
When an Officer is in Uniform, he/she is in Office, which is an Authority given By, For and Of the People, to the Constitution, making the Constitution Subject to the People who created it, and the Officer is then Subject to the Constitution, which is the Creator of the Office and authority of the Officer, which means the Officer is Subject to his Creator, and his Creator's Creator, he is never Authority over the Living Breathing Being. \
\
Furthermore, no Officer has a Right or Claim to take any Property without prior Warrant, or compel One to testify against one's self as per the Constitution's Bill of Rights, and if they do so that Violation is Theft. You never, never have any authority not given you by the Constitution! Any other claim is invalid. It is theft, and Coerced Contract, a violation of Personal Property, and the severance of your Oath. Every Officer who has done so, has violated their Bond, and is now no longer bondable, and again, they are out of Uniform, and out of office, and Personally Liable.\
\
Until Officers, all of them, from the street COP to the Office of President of the Government for the United States of America, and every office between realize they are subject to the Authority of the Living Breathing Being, they will be violating their Oath, and this means they are out of Uniform, and acting in their personal capacity, making them personally liable for their actions outside of their Authority of Office, and Oath. Which means as the Executor and Administrator Sui Juris am prepared to collect on any Fiduciaries/ Trustees / Employees BOND if they do not make the distinction between my family the Creator has put together and the fictitious LEGAL PERSON's created by me under false pretense and a fraudulent Act by an illegal statute made by a de facto government. Furthermore, I hereby revoke, rescind, and make void ab initio any contract made fraudulently and carefully contrived 'word of art', unconscionable, contract using under 'color of law' against me and my children. I revoke my signatures off of the voluntary contract I signed and end the corporate fictions I created. My LEGAL PERSONS I created in the past, today is now DEAD to all mankind and whatever mankind created.\
\
Continuing on this same subject, it was I who is the 
\b creator
\b0  of the fictitious incorporated "LEGAL PERSON" named ATHANASIOS STERGIOPOULOS on the same date as my child, Tommy was 
\b born
\b0 . Just as the Creator is greater than the Living Man. Then all that Man creates is in SUBJECTION to Man; ~ Genesis 1:27 meaning the corporate entity named ATHANASIOS STERGIOPOULOS is in subject to me by legal and by the Creator so there is no other authority higher than I in this matter of my son or his fictitious corporate DEAD entity. \
\
How can any living being under subjection to the Constitution (meaning government agents and fiduciary's) consider something dead ruling over something alive; Lawfully and by Divine Order? It can't, so this makes any ruling by any fiduciary, agent, trustee, or any other Oath Takers void from its creation. \
\
Even still this contract is void from the beginning because it was not fully disclosed to me the contract that I was signing and I have vacated any and all contracts with a Notice and Affidavit of Withdrawal of Consent which includes the withdrawal of consent from every known or hidden fraudulent and \'93unconscionable\'94 agreement, obligation, device, or contract, past, present, or future, relating to any vessel, individual, actor, natural, eternal, or artificial \'93person,\'94 corporate \'93fiction,\'94 commercial entity, legal fiction, legal term, trust, status, standing, station, or any possible combination of carefully constructed \'93words of art,\'94 
\i capitis diminutio maxima,
\i0  or other creative \'93color of law\'94 misrepresentations of affiant\'92s flesh and blood existence that are intentionally designed to replace God-given unalienable Rights, Life, Freedom, and pursuit of happiness as available to be sought by affiant, that have substituted in their place privileges and immunities, civil rights, statutory code, and public policy, currently enforced by a \'93presumption of consent\'94 to the non-ratified and thus fraudulent 14th Amendment \'93citizenship\'94 and fraudulent de facto corporate UNITED STATES, \'93STATE,\'94 and STATE OF CORPORATE STATE  OF MICHIGAN. \
\
Since in fact NOTHING was discussed in this fraudulent scheme being put on all Americans at the time when our children our born and I have been a Law abiding SOUL - FULL entity (Flesh and Blood) of this land I, hereby, stake my Valid Claim that is my inherent right to investigate these allegations against my child and to keep him protected and safe from any and all alleged harm; and even if they are against him, the Eternal Living Be-ing, our Creator gave to me, or in fact, a charge against a fictitious "LEGAL PERSON" created fraudulently, by my signature, in my name, which I will assume no part in. I want it noted for the public record my demand to vacate the voluntary contracts fraudulently and heinously being perpetrated against ALL mankind. \
\

\b Furthermore, I Claim that the intentional blurring of the lines and the failure to define between that which is legal, and that which is Lawful in order to extract capital from the masses, called 'Enforcement Volunteer Contracts' by legislating freedom and then putting a price tag on it is a crime on Man, and the failure to define between the Eternal Natural Man and the State created Fiction is nothing short of fraud, theft, breach of trust and forced slavery, a heinous criminal activity of the most odious form from our fiduciaries and our servants. It is usurpation and I will play no part.
\b0 \
\
Whereas: it is my understanding that America and all her people enjoy the protection of common-law;\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that all living beings (flesh and blood) are created equally under one Creator;\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that we are sharing this existence on Earth together under our Creator;\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that we have been given a conscience to deliberate and make decisions for ourselves:\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that EQUALITY before the Law is paramount and mandatory;\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that a statute (Contract Law UCC) is defined as a legislative rule of society which has been given the force of law by Consent of the governed; which means as long as it is NOT unconscionable to the Natural Law of Free Will of Man: ~ Genesis 1:27 "The Law is Free Will: Respect the Free Will of Man and respect the Free Will of your fellow Man. Protect the Free Will of Man and protect the Free Will of your fellow Man. Respect the Rights of Man and respect the Rights of your fellow Man. Protect the Rights of Man and protect the Rights of your fellow Man. Respect the Body of Man and respect the Body of your fellow Man. Protect the Body of Man and protect the Body of your fellow Man."  All is fulfilled in my Sovereignty Natural Law and you have a duty with the Oath you took to protect and secure these Laws of mine I have established for myself and my family. This I will have NOTED FOR PUBLIC RECORD\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that a society is defined as a number of people joined by mutual consent to deliberate, determine and act for a common goal;\
\
AND\
\
it is my understanding that the government of America is a Representative Body and Representation can only come from consent;\
\
AND\
\
WE, in the Stergiopoulos family DO NOT CONSENT to this unlawful authority being presumed against us OR the presumed fictitious LEGAL PERSON and submit these Claims WITHOUT PREJUDICE WITH ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.\
\
The 4th Amendment is very clear that you can't search or seize property without a warrant, and that you have to have probable cause for the warrant. In other words, the sequence is supposed to go a) probable cause, b) get a warrant, c) search and possibly seize something (specific in the warrant)\
\
"The individual may stand upon his constitutional rights as a citizen. He is entitled to carry on his private business in his own way. His power to contract is unlimited. He owes no such duty [to submit his books and papers for an examination] to the State, since he receives nothing therefrom, beyond the protection of his life and property. His rights are such as existed by the law of the land [Common Law] long antecedent to the organization of the State, and can only be taken from him by due process of law, and in accordance with the Constitution. Among his rights are a refusal to incriminate himself, and the immunity of himself and his property from arrest or seizure except under a warrant of the law. He owes nothing to the public so long as he does not trespass upon their rights." Hale v. Henkel, 201 U.S. 43 at 47 (1905). \
\
"Waivers of Constitutional Rights not only must be voluntary, they must be knowingly intelligent acts, done with sufficient awareness of the relevant circumstances and consequences."\
\
UCC is an acronym for Uniform Commercial Code: Code means: secret language and I declare no understanding of this way of governance and I revoke, refute, deny any contract with this unknown foreign DEAD entity: FOR CAUSE NOTED FOR THE PUBLIC RECORD my Declaration on the principle:\
\
UCC is UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE, it is an almost innumerable number of CODES that are meant to confuse the Masses, so that only the few can control them, by making them Chattel of a Bankruptcy, and claiming the People are really CORPORATE FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS, and are not really living beings.\
\
\
A CODE is a secret language only the makers of it can translate and I, the Eternal Living, Breathing Be-ing am NOT SUBJECT under any 'secret' rules for a corporate entity that was created by a few men to govern their employee's and agents. You must refute this Claim to show with a preponderance amount of evidence that we are 'employees' of this CORPORATION, and if such Valid Claims exist within Law\'85 I QUIT!!!  NOTED FOR THE PUBLIC RECORD\
\
"Declaration of Citizenship. Any document signed by me, in which I answered "yes" to the question, "Are you a U.S. citizen?" - cannot be used to compromise my status as an Eternal Flesh and Blood entity, nor obligate me to perform in any manner. This is because it was not disclosed to me that being a U.S.citizen altered my birthright and diminished my retained private rights through the \'93Doctrine of Selective Incorporation\'94. \
\
From the age of consent to the date affixed above and below I have never signed a contract knowingly, willingly, intelligently, and voluntarily whereby I have waived any of my inherent held Natural Rights, and, as such; \
\
Take my rightful Valid Claim to revoke, cancel, and make void, ab initio, using my power of appointment, on any and all contracts, agreements, forms, or any instrument which may be construed in any way to give any agency or department of any federal or state government authority, venue, or jurisdiction over me upon subject matter that is solely within my individual province; one being my Right to be free from all government restraint of my choice of action unless I have first harmed or trespassed upon the rights of another. This position is in accordance with the U.S. Supreme Court decision of Brady v. U.S., 379 U.S. 742 at 748 (1970): \
\
As such I demand full disclosure of this Notice of Hearing Petition # 130049 so I can investigate the allegations against me prior to entering the De Facto Court. If this demand is not met then \cf2 I am making demand for Vacation of the Case #130049!"\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 NOTICE TO AGENT IS NOTICE TO PRINCIPLE, NOTICE TO PRINCIPLE IS NOTICE TO AGENT.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
Sincerely,									DATE: __________________\
\
\
AUTOGRAPH:___________________________________________________________\
		Trudy Stergiopoulos, WITHOUT PREJUDICE ALL RIGHTS RESERVED\
\
\
SIGNED: ______________________________________\
		NOTARY PUBLIC\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}